---
layout: post
title:  "Blood Red"
date:   2016-04-14 14:34:25
categories: [blog, thriller]
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-14-blood-red.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>Blood Red</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 2 minute read</i>)<br>
<p>Down a desolate and dusty road he rides. Passing by is a truck carrying bags of sand on it’s back. Speck of dust falls on the road, trickling down like water and the wind, blowing wildly makes the dirt fly on empty space, finding the perfect home, in the eyes of the man on the scooter. Losing his sight for a moment, the scooter diddles like the man drank up more than he could take in.He stops on the curb, scratching his eyelids, to relieve the pain and moves on forward. Still then, the scratchy feeling on his eyes persist. Paranoia sinks in and he ceases to think about the innumerable and immaterial things that don’t matter and he thinks about what effect would this grain of sand have on his eyes.</p>
<p>Sleeping on his bed, his eyes wide open, he cannot think of anything except the tingling sensation of his left eye, the pain gradually increasing. He scratches his left eye violently till it turns red, but there is no escape from this pain, this vexation.</p>
<p>Standing in front of the sink, he looks at his reflection in the glass,his eyes red. Splashing water to his eyes repeatedly, he prays for the feeling to subside. Even more rigorously he continues scratching his eyes, slowly growing impatient. He lets out a sigh and palms his face and pulls the skin down. It wrinkles and again regains the previous state. But now, he notices that his left palm being wet. He looks at it, a red gash.</p>
<p>Scratches his eyelids again. More blood. He notices the blur in his left eye. A part of his vision being completely red suddenly. Looking up to the mirror, he sees that blood continuously is tearing out of the outer skin of his left eye and in few moments the same happens to the right eye.</p>
<p>He sees almost nothing now, his vision being reddish and blurry, drops of blood falling on the sink. Exasperated, he lets out a loud scream, expressing his anguish hoping that he wakes up from the “dream” he believes that he’s in. Nothing happens. He just cannot see anything. He calls out for help. He can hear voices. But they’re fading too. He continues to pray that he wakes up. But his prayers are too, fading away. </p>
