---
layout: post
title:  "Career"
date:   2016-04-24 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: commentary
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-24-career.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-24-career.jpg
author: "Anwesha Padhi"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>Career</h2>
(<i>Commentary, 2 minute read</i>)
<p>Dear diary,</p>
<p>Today was the last day at school. Exams are approaching faster than the normal pace time maintains, and I have no idea what I will do once I am done with them. If you have been in contact with the preceding pages, you must be knowing well that I chose science to prove a point, that I am no loser, that could tackle a thing like physics, that I was smarter than the boy in the neighbourhood and if he could score well in chemistry; molecules and atoms were something that I learnt in my premature stage itself. After all, my parents couldn’t stand the fact that a child is better than theirs... though that’s objective, and, when I think about it, a subjective thought as well. Luckily, I managed. I managed to prove the point.</p>
<p>So, we were summoned to gather in the auditorium for a final address by the principal. The lecture was typical and boring. The content hardly unpredictable… Exaggerated success stories, previous statistics and got to hear about that “great entrepreneur” for the billionth time..
The only statement worth remembering was, “I hope we have built engineers and doctors to contribute to the greater purpose of nation building.”</p>
<p>Really?</p> 
<p>I walked back home brooding over it. It was abnormal, but the statement is stuck in my head. Isn’t there a world beyond doctors and engineers? Engineers can outnumber the population that speaks Mandarin, and probably not everyone loves to dissect bodies and save lives that way. How difficult is that to understand? Somewhere deep down my heart, I have always been aspired to be a theatre artist. To feel the stage, to live the life of a completely strange being, to entertain people through fancy smiles and fake tears, is something I have wanted to venture out. </p>
<p>When I was eight, I developed a keen interest in becoming an air hostess, but mother would not let me even mention it to another person. She said it was a “shameful job to serve and clean up after strangers.”</p>
<p>On my twelfth birthday, I literally begged father to put me into a dancing class. “Dancing?!” He dismissed it with a flick of his hand. It was “shameful” to dance in front of people, he said.</p>
<p>Now I’m 16, and every job I ever wanted to do was grotesque. Except medical. I’m on it now. But, I don’t know if I will ever be able to make through it.
There are 100 doors life offers us. Why do we have to crawl into the same room till everyone suffocates? We are different people with different minds and different wishes. We are like the improbable fingers of a hand that has a relevance unique to its existence. There is no need to follow the common trail and splurge all the morality left in us to fit in. Isn’t there a myriad possibility that we could be as brave as poems make us feel? Isn’t there the slightest hope to conquer the surreal world with passion and desire? </p>
<p>Here. I’ll take leave from you to brood over and have an answer. Till then, I’ll work harder. Until one day, the drugs intoxicate my soul and and the stethoscopes tangle my existence.</p>
<p>Your sincerely,<br>
A confused heart.</p>