---
layout: post
title:  "India Without British"
date:   2016-07-01 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-01-india.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-01-india.jpg
author: "Shreya Garg"
author_image: /assets/images/shreyag.jpg
---
<h2>INDIA WITHOUT BRITISH</h2>
( <i>Social Commentary, 3 minute read</i>)<br>
<p>British ruled India for almost 200 years that started as the East India Company (EIC) that came to the Indian subcontinent to trade. Robert Clive’s forces won the battle of Plassey in 1757 and hence established the EIC. Later, they established their rule over the subcontinent and hence became our overlords. Though they had to succumb to the Indian freedom struggle in 1947 and leave us in a confused state.</p>
<p>Ever since India became an independent nation, we’ve been cursing The Great Britain for enslaving us. But what if the British explorers had not discovered the peninsula? I would like to list the other aspect of the British rule, other than the ones our history teachers have taught us (mine was cool enough to tell us about this other aspect, though).</p>
<p>India used to be a collection of hundreds of independent states. British had a major role in unifying India, though not directly (it was Sardaar Patel who did that). But wasn’t it the British rule that led to the inculcation of the feeling of national pride and patriotism within the largely divided Indians. Had the British never come, we would’ve still been a collection of unnecessarily divided states fighting for existence in the modern world. The Mughal rule had fairly declined by then and hence Indians were under a constant threat of wars.</p>
<p>They brought in many religious and social reforms which proved to be beneficial to a country that was struggling to adjust into the modern civilisation. Widow’s remarriage Act, abolition of Sati, abolition of untouchability were some of them. Moreover, they introduced us to the modern education system.</p>
<p>They developed railways, postal systems and other means of communication. Here, I would want to add that though they this all to favour themselves and multiply their profits, all that they left behind is serving us now. Before 1947, India had around 50,000 kms of railway network whereas the Indian government added another 13,000 kms after independence which doesn’t even come close to the what British had laid.</p>
<p>Also, we got access to better technology, better medical facilities, better hygiene habits, sanitation facilities and a modern outlook. Industrialisation, despite being responsible for the exploitation and unemployment of many Indians at that time, did something good for us.</p>
<p>There is no denying of the fact that they did everything in India to benefit their people and not the Indians. And, india could have achieved all this by itself as well but would the Indian subcontinent have been in the same shape as it is today? Were we even close to a nation before them? I agree that British rule had many more negatives than positives, but everything has two sides to it. Also, I am not a pro -British, at all. I too am a proud Indian citizen who dislikes the British rule as much as anyone else.</p>
- Shreya Garg