---
layout: post
title:  "The Big Bang Rant"
date:   2016-05-12 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-12-bbrant.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-12-bbrant.jpg
author: "Shreya Barua"
author_image: /assets/images/shreyab.jpg
---
<h2>THE BIG BANG RANT-</h2>
(<i>Commentary, 7 minute read</i>)
<p>Everybody loves The Big Bang Theory.. Well do they?</p>
<p>There was this really funny poem I came across Reddit the other day-</p>
<p>I just ruined my underoos<br>
Says the autistic man<br>
And how the audience woos<br>
Because the director said they can<br>
The bespectacled man<br>
He's socially awkward<br>
Also a Star Trek fan!<br>
All the ammo we need! Point guns forward!<br>
The Indian is gay!<br>
Fuck non-straights!<br>
Jokers they are!<br>
To the true men and greats!<br>
This guy’s Jewish!<br>
He lives with his mother!<br>
Tell a joke about that!<br>
one after another!<br>
We point and laugh<br>
At the stupid nit-wits<br>
The thing that makes someone smart<br>
Is when they pick nits!</p>

<p>Well not the really greatest literary work you could find, but this actually resonates a lot of mine, and many other “geeks” feelings.</p>

<p>Firstly, they claim that the show is for nerds, but it isn’t really for nerds. It actually makes us nerds the butt of all jokes! Calling it a comedy for “smart people”, it’s actually just full of dumb, stereotypical, racist, sexist, homophobic (and the list goes on) jokes. Making a dumb joke about smart things does not qualify it as a smart joke. </p>

<p>The Big Bang Theory was supposed to be better than that. It was supposed to be full of jokes about science and maths and fandoms that appeal to the marginalised among us. Perhaps that's why it annoys me so much. Unlike, say, Futurama – which would delight in dropping in unexplained references to binary code and Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, and let viewers figure it out – The Big Bang Theory doesn't feel like a TV show for geeks. It's a TV show about geeks, pitched squarely at an audience that occasionally likes to think it's geeky because it went to see The Avengers. To my mind, it's hard to get past the idea that The Big Bang Theory is the televisual equivalent of those NERD T-shirts you can buy in Primark. </p>

<p>People would argue that TBBT brought “respect” to the nerds– that it helped us “connect” with the mainstream ‘cause everyone loves themselves a bit of Sheldon. But you guys do realise that we are trying to gain humour out of a person’s inability to understand basic human interactions? Would it be okay to make fun of a blind person just because they can’t see? Sheldon has a basic disability and although at first the other nerds tried to be kind and help him navigate and even teach him simple interaction rules, the show kind of degenerated into a series of Sheldon-jokes without the tolerance, love and support that I saw in the earlier seasons. The show has been accused of mocking autistics.</p>

<p>And the girls! I was really ecstatic when I saw they had a character like Amy Farrah Fowler introduced– a neurobiologist, a geek in her own right, and could give the guys a run for their money. So rather than her retaining her original persona, the show depicts her as trying to be more like Penny, who doesn’t really have any scientific endeavours, nor does she have any real interest in what the other nerds do. Penny is depicted as “normal”, and every girl who’s roped into the main cast strives to be her– an airhead. And apparently guys are “attracted” to airheads. A point to note–Chuck Lorre is notorious for how badly his shows treat women (refer Two and a Half Men, a show which blatantly sexualises women).</p>

<p>The biggest geek gripe against The Big Bang Theory is that we know plenty of geeks who would be better protagonists for a TV show. Most scientists are the absolute opposite of the stereotype on the show– when you're super-smart, you spend your time working on world-changing projects, not visiting the comic book store every Wednesday. One can make a fairly valid argument that the show isn’t aimed at nerds, but rather at that mythical creature, The Average Television Viewer, which is fair as far as it goes. But for those willing to defend the show, I’d simply ask this: If the writers don’t care, and think you won’t notice… what does that imply that they think about their audience?</p>
<p>-Shreya Barua</p>
