---
layout: post
title:  "Fire : Homosexuality and the Prejudice."
date:   2016-04-17 14:34:25
categories: ["blog", "commentary"]
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-17-fire.jpg
author: "Shreya Barua"
author_image: /assets/images/shreyab.jpg
---
<h2>Fire: Homosexuality and the Prejudice</h2>
(<i>Commentary,4 minute read</i>)
<p>I happened to chance across this movie, Fire(1996), written and directed by Deepa Mehta. Apparently, it was one of the first mainstream Indian movie to explicitly showcase a romantic homosexual relationship.</p>
<p>I was pretty touched and happy to see Mehta take this step and talk about the subject of homosexuality openly, which is still, sadly, a taboo across our nation.
The main theme of the film Fire is the development of a mutually supportive and affectionate relationship between the two women, a relationship that is gradually transformed into sexual love.</p>
<p>Of course, this movie was met with severe backlash, mainly from “pro-Hindus”, who considered this a piece of “immoral and pornographic media” a sacrilege against the “Indian tradition and values”. Did you guys just forget the various sculptures in Khajuraho and Konark, depicting, no, celebrating the human sexuality and one of the most ancient forms of symbolising love? And let’s not forget Kamasutra. Contrary to popular beliefs, this book is not only about sex(actually hardly 20% of the book is about it), but also talks about a man’s duties towards a woman(I can proudly say feminism is truly an Indian concept), and proper social conduct.</p>
<p>It is very disheartening to see our society deviating from its original values, losing it’s broadmindedness and getting prejudiced over the course of time. Laws prohibiting ‘unnatural’ sex have been imposed across the world with imperial might. Though they exerted a powerful influence on subsequent attitudes, they were neither universal nor timeless. They were – it must be kept in mind – products of minds that were deeply influenced by the ’sex is sin’ stance of the Christian Bible. With typical colonial condescension, European definitions, laws, theories and attitudes totally disregarded how similar sexual activity was perceived in other cultures.</p>
<p>There are several instances of homosexuality throughout our culture. In the Mahabharata, Drupada raises his daughter Shikhandini as a man and even gets ‘him’ a wife. When the wife discovers the truth on the wedding night, all hell breaks loose; her father threatens to destroy Drupada’s kingdom. The timely intervention of a Yaksha saves the day: he lets Shikhandini use his manhood for a night and perform his husbandly duties. I could go on and on, but I think you get the point.</p>
<p>We all talk of “aping the West”. In reality, the West adopted various ideas and notions from us(read: legalisation of gay marriages in various countries), thus progressing themselves, while our society regresses to Western medieval times and their ideologies. I am deeply saddened by the fact that while countries like the United States, Uruguay and Colombia have legalised same-sex marriage, we are still grovelling in prejudice and social injustice.</p>