---
layout: post
title: Moments
date: 2016-10-18 20:30:00
category: Fiction
tags: fiction
image: /assets/article_images/moments.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/moments.jpg
author: "shreyab"
---
<h3>Moments</h3>
(<i>Fiction,6 minute read</i>)
<p><i>&ldquo;As the cheerless towns pass my window<br />
I can see a washed out moon through the fog<br />
And then a voice inside my head breaks the analogue&hellip;&rdquo;</i></p>
<p>The moon was high up in the sky, it&rsquo;s brilliance overshadowing that of the stars, which were trying their level best to outshine the pale orb, but in vain. The rural surroundings were quiet, albeit for the shouts and cheers coming from the bonfire nearby.</p>
<p>Avish was sitting away from the group, lying on the ground, looking up at the night sky, which was so very different from the one he was used to in Mumbai. Plugging in his earphones, and blasting Animals as Leaders, he soaked in the sense of detachment from reality and kept his gaze skyward. He never sensed the soft footsteps which were coming towards him. It wasn&rsquo;t until someone had flopped down right beside him, did he get the smell of vanilla and something else, which was unique only to her. His heart beat a bit more faster, and seemed to match the djent riffs which were hammering against his eardrums.</p>
<p>Taking one of his earphones out, she put her mouth close to his ear, and whispered &ldquo;Share&rdquo;. Putting that earphone in her ear, she requested him put something soothing, though she didn&rsquo;t mind metal. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m as lost as you are&rdquo;, was all she said. She kept fidgeting around as he changed songs.</p>
<p>Finally, a certain acoustic intro ceased her twitching. As the guitar strummed on, she moved slightly so as to put her head on his shoulder.</p>
<p><i>&ldquo;Follow me down, to the valley below&rdquo;</i></p>
<p>She searches for his hand, and entwines their fingers.</p>
<p><i>&ldquo;Moonlight is bleeding, from out of your soul&rdquo;</i></p>
<p>&ldquo;My ex got me addicted to this song, to be honest&rdquo;, Avish says, breaking his silence, &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t have the balls to delete it, instead, kept listening to it like a maniac. Is it weird that sad songs like these make you feel happy?&rdquo;</p>
<p>&ldquo;No it&rsquo;s not. I share the same sentiments. Happens with everyone&rdquo;, she replied.</p>
<p><i>&quot;My David, don&#39;t you worry<br />
This cold world is not for you<br />
So rest your head upon me<br />
I have strength to carry you&quot;</i><br />
&nbsp;</p>
<p>Snuggling in closer, he took it as a sign to wrap his free hand around her shoulders. Making sure his playlists had soothing songs, he closed his eyes and entered a world which was completely different from the reality.</p>
<p>Seeing the peaceful expression on his otherwise hard face, Isha smiled softly, and turned her face skywards again. Sleep always seemed to elude her nowadays, but the soothing thumps of his beating heart lulled her slowly into a slumber.</p>
<p>Avish woke up with a dull ache in his back. Dawn was just cracking, and remembering last night, he saw that he was all alone. The other campers were all huddled in their sleeping arrangements around the dying bonfire, none of them having the strength to make it back to their tents. Taking the lone earphone out, he saw that it&rsquo;s pair was lying abandoned on the ground. He checked his phone, to see that it was out of charge.</p>
<p>Getting up, he stretched his limbs, and slowly walked towards his tent. Smiling about last night, he looked forward to having a fresh start at love. He was glad he came for the camp, and had the fortune of running into Isha two days back, in the camp itself. Taking a deep breath in, he kept a look-out for her sleeping form, and saw her cosied up to one of the girls. Looking amused, he plugged his phone to his power bank, unrolled his sleeping bag, and went back to sleep.</p>
<p>He was awoken with someone sprinkling water over his face, saw that his mate Ayan was trying wake him up. Stretching himself, he made his way out towards the other campers, who were gathering together, albeit in a daze, for breakfast. Their camp leaders kept a stern eye on all of them, making sure everyone was up and ready for the day&rsquo;s activities. Avish kept an eye out for Isha, and found her going towards the bathrooms for her morning routines. She sensed his gaze upon herself, looked back at him, and sent him a small smile. He let out wide grin in return.</p>
<p>&ldquo;You seem sunnier than usual today, eh?&rdquo; Ayan enquired. &ldquo;What are you smiling at?&rdquo; he says, looking at the direction of Avish&rsquo;s stare.</p>
<p>&ldquo;Nothing&rdquo;, Avish quickly reverts his eyes so as not to reveal anything, at least not yet.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>He carried on with his requisite activities, but got a bit disheartened to see none of those were assigned with her. Still, thinking about the prospect of seeing her later in the day lightened him a bit.</p>
<p>As the sun set down, his eyes started searching for her, but could not find her. The sky grew darker, and while everyone reported back, she didn&rsquo;t. He started searching for Sonakshi, the girl she usually hung out with, but couldn&rsquo;t find her as well. Knowing their rather alert nature, he knew that they knew well enough to inform someone before arriving late. Their group was back, except for the two of them. He tensed.</p>
<p>Running up to one of the camp leaders, he said, &ldquo;Two of the girls are missing.&rdquo;</p>
<p>&ldquo;Who?&rdquo; one of them replies.</p>
<p>&ldquo;Sonakshi and Isha.&rdquo;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&ldquo;Oh&rdquo;, was all they said.</p>
<p>&ldquo;What? Aren&rsquo;t you all the least worried about them?&rdquo; His tone rose seeing their unusual coolness regarding the whole missing persons affair.</p>
<p>&ldquo;We are! We are! Gather your friends, make a search party, and find them. And make sure Ayan meets us before he sets off with you.&rdquo;</p>
<p>Avish runs off, gathering people, and informing Ayan to meet the leaders before coming with him. A clueless Ayan took in his bewildered expression and ran off to the leaders, to enquire as to what happened.</p>
<p>Avish took his search party and went off towards the woods, where their group was collecting firewood. But rather than all of them actively participating in searching for them, they ended up giving him sympathising looks, which enraged him even further. He really couldn&rsquo;t understand their apparent apathy towards them, but he was going to make sure he finds them, even if it meant staying out there the whole night.</p>
<p>The other campers gave eventually gave up and went back, but Avish never gave up. Kicking at a tree trunk in frustration, he let out a loud groan of frustration. He&rsquo;d been at it for the past 3 hours, but in vain; there was still no sign of either of them. Angry tears pricked his eyes, and he curled up into a ball and lamented freely. He never picked up on the soft footsteps coming towards him.</p>
<p>Hands gripped his shoulders tightly, hoisting him up, and making him sit normally. The tears in his eyes made his vision blurry, and it wasn&rsquo;t until the person spoke up he realised who it was.</p>
<p>&ldquo;She died last year, right here, in this spot. She and Sonakshi were out collecting firewood, when a few men from the village nearby chanced upon them. Turned out, they were all from political backgrounds. They resisted, but the men overpowered them. We found them the following morning, Isha dead, and Sonakshi barely alive. By the time we made it to the nearest hospital, she gave up as well. We tried our level best to incriminate the accused, but their affluent backgrounds stopped us from doing so.&rdquo;</p>
<p>&ldquo;I&hellip; I know&rdquo;, Avish replies softly.</p>
<p>Ayan continues, &ldquo;We brought you out here as a way of coping with what happened. You took her death hard, blaming yourself for what happened.&rdquo;</p>
<p>&ldquo;It was my fault! If we hadn&rsquo;t fought, I would&rsquo;ve..could&rsquo;ve...she&rsquo;d have been alive. Those bastards wouldn&rsquo;t have been near her!&rdquo; he screamed out.</p>
<p>&ldquo;You often hallucinate that she&rsquo;s still there with you. Your psychiatrist suggested for shock therapy&ndash; bring you back to the place where it all began. We were all against it at first, but then thought it would be a good idea indeed. The whole trip was planned for you.&rdquo;</p>
<p>Slowly, fragments of reality started crashing upon him&ndash; how he was granted a sabbatical from the university, his institutionalisation, him slowly losing his mind, and finally, how he felt breathing in the fresh air when he was let out from the mental institution for the &ldquo;trip&rdquo;.</p>
<p>Avish suddenly couldn&rsquo;t breathe. Clutching his chest, he wakes up, covered in sweat. The clinical walls that greeted him made him want to puke. He&rsquo;d been stuck here since the past two years, and no amount of therapy seemed to get him out of depression. He looked over to the guitar lying in the corner (a gift from the institution, to try and coax him out of his shell). Looking at the strings, and finally making up his mind, he smiles softly.</p>
<p>&ldquo;<i>Come to us, Lazarus..&rdquo;</i></p>
