---
layout: post
title:  "The Tranquil"
date:   2016-05-20 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: thriller
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-20-tranquil.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-20-tranquil.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>The Tranquil</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 5 minute read</i>)
<p>Looking at the photograph of his “Love of my life”, he stood in the middle of a completely derelict hall. His heart was throbbing.<br>
Finally, he was at the place where he could reconcile with his past. </p>
<p>The place reeked of decomposed corpses and soot. He could feel the stillness around him. Absolutely nothing moved. There was no sign of life for miles.<br>
He had been told, after regaining his consciousness, that he was found by the edge of a river, unconscious. By the looks of it, it seemed he had been floating around for quite a while because he was completely soaked with blood which had dried out.</p>
<p>The first few days in the hospital were terrible. He could recollect nothing from his past and was having these terrible headaches. The doctors said it was a normal side effect of having a severe concussion.</p>
<p>Thankfully, they had recovered his belongings and kept them safe. The nurse was kind enough to give him a diary she found in the right breast pocket of his jacket
Reading through it, he realised that he had known a girl called “Darcy” and they were pretty close.There was a picture of “Darcy” and him standing next to each other holding hands, pasted on the first page of the diary. She had an appearance that was not so different from the said nurse.</p>
<p>Suddenly, his vision started to blur. Clear images started floating in his mind.. <br>
Images of him and Darcy, her eyes, her smile, the way she smelled, the flowers she liked, her hair.<br>
Except she had cut her hair on May 14, 1997. </p>
<p>This perhaps had a negative impact on him. </p>
<p>“Hair cut short. Date closing in. Nothing can be done now.” was the only thing mentioned in the page labelled “May 14, 1997”. <br>
This seemed unusual to him. Reading on and on, he surprisingly got to know more about Darcy and a certain group of people called “The Tranquil” and less about himself.</p>
<p>Everything that could possibly be known about another human being other than himself was in his diary. <br>
Her favourite colour, food, places she had been to, the day the two met, and what not.<br>
The writing in many pages were obscured because the diary was submerged for a few days. <br>
There were mentions here and there about a “ritual”, but everything was vague. <br>
Reaching the end of the diary, he saw an eerily familiar (but very detailed) drawing.<br>
At the bottom “ Temple of the Tranquil” was scribbled. He recognised the handwriting to be his.<br>
After a brief period of introspection, he decided that before he start afresh he’d rather just know, what had happened to him. Nobody had any idea about who he was, or where he came from. And Darcy, was she still alive, would she be able to tell him more about himself? </p>
<p>So, he started off on a journey to that said place.</p> 
<p>He travelled for a long time, perhaps nearing a year, to find no traces of the town which housed the temple. <br>
Continually inspecting the diary, he finally found a cryptic note, written in fine print, at the bottom of the photograph.<br>
“Serenity Valley”. He recognised the name. </p>
<p>His head throbbed heavily and after a continuous barrage of picture, he could see. After the migraine subsided, he knew where he had to go. 
Only one word was in his mind.</p>
<p>Home.</p>
<p>Walking through the streets of his hometown, he noticed the houses had spooky signs engraved at the gates instead of house numbers.<br>
The houses were architecturally very different from the ones one would see in a normal countryside village. <br>
At the edge of the town, there stood a large, imposing victorian building.<br>
Feeling very uncomfortable, he cursed himself for trying to dig up his past.</p>
<p>Standing in the middle of the hall, immediately next to the entrance, he saw corpses strewn about, like ragdolls. Women were in the middle, drained of blood it seemed, in a peculiar shape.. All naked, tattooed, placed next to each other to form a shape that was not so different from the one in his diary. He could see the remains of a burning pyre in the center of it.</p>
<p>The men though, they were all lying randomly, blood soaked, guts lying out.<br>
His head started throbbing again.<br>
Everything flashed before him.<br>
Opening his eyes, still a bit dizzy, he looked closely at the glyph formed by placing the women in the shape of a crow.</p>
<p>But to his horror, it was incomplete. One woman was missing.<br>
Suddenly, he heard a low wail, which slowly grew louder and louder.</p>
<p>His heartbeat quickened. </p>
<p>He was sweating profusely.<br>
Bare footsteps, more than a pair, seemed to be approaching him at a great pace.<br>
Looking behind, he saw a woman.<br>
She was on all fours. Her legs were twisted backwards and her face turned upside down. Her eyes were red and her “short hair” covered the face.<br>
His throat dried up.<br>
His brain froze. </p>
<p>She slowly approached him. Her pace became lightning fast and in a matter of seconds, she was breathing down his neck, wailing now.<br>
Tightly she hugged him, whispering his name, very slowly.<br>
The women around him seemed to have woken up.<br>
Their piercing eyes were staring right at him.<br>
“Darcy?” he whispered. <br>
She screamed.<br>
They all screamed.<br>
-Santrupta</p>