---
layout: post
title:  "Patriotism And Weekends"
date:   2016-04-30 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-01-weekends.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-01-weekends.jpg
author: "Anwesha Padhi"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>Patriotism and Weekends-</h2>
(<i>Social Commentary, 4 minute read </i>)
<p>Sundays in the capital city are never boring. One of the best things about being in Delhi during the weekends is that the choices at disposal surpass your expectations. It is up to you to decide the taste you choose to get indulged in- metropolitan or vintage. My personal favourite is the vintage side. Every monument has its own history, generates a distinct uniqueness and has an exclusive appeal. It amasses grandeur from the past, talks of legends and detaches you from the modernisation around you. The feeling such places generate in you differs from the other in the same line. That’s the charm of it.</p>

<p>Last Sunday, I, having decided to take a break from my regulars, visited the India Gate. It had been more than just a long time since my classes had hardly left me with leisure to discover and cherish, and I desperately seized the opportunity. It was quarter past 5, and my feelings were on a transition, from normalcy to something exceptionally philosophical. I got down my cab and took a moment to look around myself. I saw a huge crowd. I saw couples moving about ideally hand-in-hand, groups busy posing for pictures (selfies, to be specific), children playing, and families chatting among themselves. I saw a major chunk of the people there, in front of Golgappa stalls. Amidst all the hullabaloo, there stood the massive tomb, unnoticed. Things started to vignette as I, bereft of any consciousness, started walking towards the structure. Within a couple of minutes I could see the Amar Jyoti, palpably glorious, with the undying flame shivering sporadically. </p>

<p>My eyes rolled over to the walls of the war memorial. I inanimately kept my hand on the wall, closed my eyes and let my fingers explore the undefined emotions evoked in me at that point of time. What I visualized was beyond comprehension. Images of a million soldiers embracing the Indian borders, shot in the back, in rigorous pain yet reluctant to give up on their sacred motherland, flashed on the inner walls of my mind. A billion questions bombarded my conscience. Why did I not bother to take a minute out to thank them in 16 long years of my life? Why did they have to be so selfless to save millions of ungrateful bodies from being beheaded at the cost of their lives? Why did they have to choose a way where there would be zero payback, zero appreciation and minimal chances of survival? </p>

<p>They could have chosen to stay back in their comfortable homes, mow their lands, and watch their children play till dusk, shape time the way they now simply dream of. They could have chosen peaceful slumber over sleepless nights. Were they so foolish? For selflessness is the virtue of fools, and appraisal the sole motto of service. Something entwined the nerves in my stomach, and provoked a panoply of thoughts in my mind. My heart beat faster than ever, and emotions too mixed to be distinguished. There was a rare feeling of pride stretching my lips into a smile and the rarest kind of pain blurring my vision. Was this what patriotism feels like?</p> 

<p>But I never felt it on Republic day, neither on Independence Day. I waved a flag, stood for the national anthem, and wrote several posts on social networks, but nothing ever generated an emotion so powerful. It had drained me of the ungratefulness I contained, and I heaved a sigh of shame.</p>

<p>Exaggerated expressions of tribute, devoid of meaning, to dedicated patriots, seems an insult to their souls- a mockery of their passion. National holidays pull out a fake patriot inside us, not because we owe it to the people who made the country possible, but for these were the possible who earned us a holiday. Till sensations don’t make you stand on the tip of your toe, and a thousand impulses do not run down your body spontaneously on seeing the Tri-colour flag wave high, you’re nothing like a patriot. Till you don’t thank your God for sending his angels in uniforms to save your lives every day, you’re nothing like a patriot. Till pride explodes your grievances for dwelling on the indian land, you’re nothing like a patriot. You owe the air you breathe, the food you eat and the water that quenches your thirst. You owe the life you live and the identity that makes you count. You owe it all. Be grateful.</p>
-Anwesha
