---
layout: post
title:  "Part 3"
date:   2016-05-13 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-13-part3.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-13-part3.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>Part 3</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 3 minute read</i>)
<p>It was an autumn evening. I had decided to leave early, as I was supposed to leave for home the next day. Plus, the Clinic was pretty empty that day.<br>
Having to listen to people talk about their mental problems all day long does take a toll on you. Sometimes you wish you’d have some fun with them. <br>
That day, I did.<br>
I was constantly getting calls from my mother. I chose to ignore those, because I wanted to give her a surprise and a “jump scare”, as it was her birthday the next day.
On the way, I came across this weird looking alley way, full of people, looking above. Nearing them I saw the crowd looking at a woman standing on top of a building.
She stood there, on the edge, trying to balance herself on the corner, dancing with death, as they say. <br>
I didn’t think she would react to the special therapy as quickly as she did. <br>
I got a bit nervous. I must admit that's the first time I tried something like that.<br>
I could hear sirens from a distance. Slowly the wails grew louder. Out they came, two policemen, quickly running past the crowd, and into the building. I strolled into the crowd, as calm as I could be, preferring to be among the people in this kind of situation.</br>

<p>Fear of being singled out was probably the only thing that haunted me at that moment. I was a distant observer in such a situation.</p>

<p>I looked around the crowd, seeing people all gathered at one point, not wanting to save the woman, from death, but rather, to know what would happen to her next. It intrigued me a bit. Concealing myself in the crowd, I contemplated whether I really wanted the woman to be dead. I saw the look on her face, one of resignation and helplessness. I can’t say that it didn’t make me uncomfortable.<br>
The cops had probably reached the top because I could see she had turned back, probably talking to them. <br>
The people below were unusually quiet. I looked around again, they had their attention completely fixed on her.<br> 
I heard the thud.<br>
Her lifeless body lay on the ground.<br> 
I peered at her body from a certain distance. The expression on her face alone made me feel extremely satisfied with what I did. Whatever doubts I had about this faded away.
I quietly turned back and walked towards my car. On the way, I saw a peculiar looking man with an awkward limp, walking away from the place of the incident.<br>
I know I’ll be in trouble. But it was worth it. <br>
I talked someone into killing themselves and I loved it.</p>

<p>-Santrupta Mishra</p>
