---
layout: post
title:  "Oskar and the War: Part 1"
date:   2016-04-27 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: thriller
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-27-oskar1.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-27-oskar2.jpg
author: santrupta
---
<h2>Oskar and the War: Part 1</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 4 minute read</i>)
<p>He hid behind a closet under the stairs, with a book and a torch in his hands. Already used to continuous shelling every half hour, he was intently reading the book as he waited for the bombings to stop.</p>
<p>Looking to his right, he could see his toys lined up, staring right back at him. Smiling at them he said, “It will be all right.” and then continued reading his book. He looked at the empty glass of milk shake he had drunk. He then resumed reading the book. A few moments later, Oskar could hear his step-mother calling him. Keeping the book aside, he ran out of the closet. He stood outside it for a moment, looked back at the closet doorknob, let out a sigh and then followed the voice.
While running upstairs, he could see a number of changes to the house.The clock had stopped running, the dog was unnaturally still, seemingly trying to run away from the room. Surprised, he went near it.</p>
<p>Touching its body, he noticed he was icy cold, almost plastic. Curious, he stood there staring at it. </p>
<p>Suddenly, the dog moved just a bit from where he was, as if he was real again but just for a moment.</p>
<p>He saw his mother sitting in the living room. Her face blank, she seemed almost empty to him. Running near her, he noticed she too was plastic. Suddenly, he heard what seemed like sobbing which stopped almost immediately.Smirking, he turned around and ran through the building, noticing the clock stuck at 6, the wind almost non existent. He didn't feel suffocated, he didn't feel any sensation at all. Turning his head he noticed through the window a big black rock coming right at his direction, a rocket stuck in the void. Bewildered he stopped for a moment and looked outside the window.</p>
<p>The clouds hid the morning sun.</p>
<p>He saw a girl almost his age looking right at him, smiling. She waved her hands and signaled him to come near her. This intrigued him. He jumped right out of the window, and ran through the garden, noticing the priest next door looking outside his window, mouth wide open, shocked to see the rocket, Miss Flitzpatrick who stood right next to the metallic thing, oblivious to everything near her. He noticed the eerie silence in a bustling road full of almost wax figures, stuck in an unseeable void, but he continued on.</p>
<p>Tumbling across the cobbled sidewalk, unaware about the true motivations of the girl he finally reached her, noticing that she felt as real as he was. 
The girl, almost seemed to read his mind. Holding his hand, she almost dragged him towards the house next door and motioned him to sit on the front steps. 
The priest inside the window closed his mouth.</p>
<p>"I like your glasses", she said. <br>
"She poisoned me didn't she? My step-mother." he finally asked.<br>
"Yes" she said, looking on at the house intently.<br>
"Come I'll show you something", she continued.<br>
Come back next week.</p>