---
layout: post
title:  "Part 2"
date:   2016-05-06 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-06-part2.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-06-part2.jpg
author: "Harsh Pandey"
author_image: /assets/images/harsh.jpg
---
<h2>Part 2</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 4 minute read</i>)
<p>Then he heard a deafening screech behind, on the other side of the road.</p>
<p>“HELP!”</p>
<p>Suddenly, everything went quiet. A definitive buzz filled the man’s ears. He turned around and looked at the woman shouting for help. A red hue was seeping into her spotless yellow dress. She had been stabbed. The man gaped, horrified.</p>
<p>He tried moving but he was as good as a statue. Definitely worse than the statues with the mechanical arms.
The man was aghast. This was not what he was expecting. His mortal boundaries of comprehension did not let him understand what was happening.</p>
<p>A child came running into his field of vision. The boy stumbled and fell onto the knife which penetrated his stomach. Before he could react to this unnatural demise, he felt something trickle onto his hand.</p>
<p>Red.</p> 
<p>A stream of some red liquid was moving down his shoulder onto his fingers.</p>
<p>Blood.</p>
<p>There was a knife in the man’s neck. He tried to move, grab it, stop the bleeding. He was going to throw up.</p>
<p>Well, statues don’t throw up. Nor do they move, but they do fall down.</p>
<p>The statue fell down onto the cold, wet, concrete sidewalk.</p>
<p>The man woke up in his damp hospital bed. The perspiration had leaked onto the sheets. That was not his ideal dream.<br>
It seemed like morning. His eyes darted around the room, trying to locate the clock.<br>
8:30. Friday.</p>
<p>Well, he woke up in time for work. His muscles involuntarily tried to move him. His legs were still in casts. His left hand was still paralysed. It had been a week since the incident.</p>
<p>The police told him that they had apprehended the driver and he was in their custody. Charges were being slapped onto that guy. He was not getting out of this.
The man was discharged a month after the incident. </p>
<p>“You are all healthy again!” The doctor had told him. Except for his paralysed hand and his awkward limp.<br>
His car had been damaged beyond repair.<br>
No one came to pick him up. He began the long walk back home. <br>
The girl was standing on the ledge. A loud mob had gathered right below her.<br>
She was on the tenth floor.</p>
<p>The man with the limp walked past the mob. He glanced up at the girl. ‘Loser’, he told himself, dismissively. The police car raced past him. Two cops got off and dashed inside the building. The man did not give the girl and her drama any further attention.</p>
<p>‘Losers.’</p>
<p>The door slammed behind the man. A mess lay in his wake. Everything was adorned with a coat of dust. He did not want this. This was not worth his arm and legs.
But he was alive. And he still had his job.<br>
When he went to work the next day, his boss told him that he couldn’t work with just one hand. They could provide him a pension, though. The man was appalled. He declined as politely as he could and limped out of the building.</p>
<p>The door slammed shut behind him. The mess lay in his wake. Everything was still adorned with a coat of dust. He did not want this. This was not worth his arm and legs.
But he was alive.</p>
<p>‘Well, fuck that shit.’</p>
<p>He needed to find out who the truck driver was.</p>
<p>-Harsh Pandey</p>
