---
layout: post
title:  "Song of the Muse"
date:   2016-07-10 20:30:00
categories: Commentary
tags: commentary
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-10-muse.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-10-muse.jpg
author: "Shubhi Srivashtav"
author_image: /assets/images/shubhi.jpg
---
<h2>Song of the Muse</h2>
(<i>Commentary, 3 minute read</i>)
<p>"Hold your breath. Don't fall sideways. Do NOT cross your feet too close, you will fall. Don't let them know you're thinking all this. Please."</p>
<p>Have you ever wondered the story behind the meticulous stills of beautiful models in an array of different poses, different backdrops, story, colours, themes, arranged in a manner so perfect you just can't take your eyes off it? It is actually a melange of efforts by many people all instilled in this one photograph, but in the end, it's the muse and the photographer that make it alive.</p>
<p>It's a dance, it's a debate, it's, thus, a truce, it's a photograph.</p>
<p>The models you see and admire aren't perfect human being prototypes who'll stand in the manner deemed most perfect. They are like me and you. It takes as little as four seconds for the photographer to settle himself and the camera and thus, accomplish it with the final click. But in those four seconds, a series of dynamic thoughts fluster the muse, taking all out of her to not fall out of the poise because of a difficult pose or most commonly, just anxiety can be the mightiest trigger.</p>
<p>The first shoot is where this anxiety sets in. You might be a lady, a klutz, a perfect specimen of pulchritude, a total goof, or, a diva but in front of the camera, you are a muse. Thus, you're fixated on ingraining the whole concept in your head and mold your body accordingly completely ignoring the fact that the concept belongs to the brainstorming of a group of complete strangers. You dot the i's and cross the t's to a point where the angle of the arch of your brows is scrutinised by you, yourself. But it all goes in vain until you put your heart to it. You look into the camera and stare at it with a reverie that can only belong to a lover you devour yourself into. You look away from it as it is the only one thing that repels you in this world. You taunt it as it is the only tease you have ever enjoyed in your life and that one still sings. It sings the harmony that enlightens the artist behind the camera, enthralls the person looking at the photograph, beatifies the person who believed in you to make their products come to life and it satisfies you, the muse, the only one who can do this dance with the photographer.</p>
<p>The anxiety to fulfill the needs of everybody who made you their muse will always be there. It makes sure you don't get heady and the urge to perform better is unabated. But the assortment of feelings of taking pride in their confidence and gratitude for them to choose you is something that fuels you to go on. You are the answer to his call, a call so abysmal only you're the answer to it. Maybe Robert Fitzgerald explaining Homer's Odyssey can explain better.</p>
<p>"Sing in me, Muse, and through me tell the story.."</p>
<p>- Shubhi Srivastava</p>