---
layout: post
title:  "Science, A bitch"
date:   2016-05-15 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-15-science.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-15-science.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>SCIENCE-A BITCH</h2>
(<i>Social Commentary, 5 minute read</i>
<p>“Students, you people are incapable of ever getting into any of the IITs”. <br>
Yeah, that’s a dialogue we were told in our coaching often by a teacher who was too good for us. </p>
<p>Division of students according to their supposed IQ levels based on scores of some random tests, and then not giving much attention to the “low level” students.<br>
This demoralises students and some of them decide to just end their lives.<br>
“ yeh suicide nahi, murder hai murder”. Someone has aptly said this. <br>
This is not education. <br>
This is business. ( vyapar, bepar, etc etc ) <br>
And this does not end here.<br>
Here is a country where a degree is more important than what a student learns, where rote learning is preferred more than experimentation. <br>
Even in elementary school, teachers would beat students who’d ask out of the box questions, thinking they’re being made fun of. <br>
You know what happens when a child goes through this? He stops being curious.<br>
They are probably millions of “science” students who just hate science. <br>
And the reason is apparently, “10th mai 10 CGPA aa gaya toh beta science lene nikla”
Yeah, perhaps some people really not cut out for science, maybe they’re just brilliant in some other stream but the main question is, how come the MAJORITY of science students hate science. <br>
Even something elementary such as math? <br>
“What exactly is a limit?”<br>
“There’s no need for you to know it’s meaning..” <br>
Yes, some of you might have seen such teachers. I have seen students get beaten up for asking “trivial questions”. And then comes a point when students feel plain embarrassed to be curious because they’re far left behind and hence “‘hate” a certain subject.<br>
Or perhaps, instead of fucking giving out theoretical formulas and proofs and what-not simply show their practical applications? I mean honestly, how hard would it be to pique a student’s attention if he actually SEES how is something going to be useful? But no, the system is fucked.<br>
Richard Feynman, one of the greatest scientists of the previous generation argued that people should experiment, even to find out what’s already known, that people avoid doing that because they believe they will see what others that came before them have seen. <br>
But people, don’t get that everyone sees everything differently, that perhaps their point of view could change everything we see about something at the present moment. <br>
So, forcing someone to accept something without seeing it is synonymous to destroying their curiosity, and in the process, destroying their opinion and self confidence. <br>
Are students really to be blamed for their low grades when sometimes the teaching environment is hostile that you don’t even feel like learning ? <br>
I wouldn’t bother learning. I’d just give up and say “ Screw it, I’m not cut out for this”. Because frankly I’ve never been pushed by someone to see stuff with my own eyes. They always tell me, “It has been proved earlier”. <br>
So, with this<br>
Conclusion.<br>
*Mic drops* *Short circuits* <br>
*Catches fire* *Kills everyone*</p>

<p>-Santrupta Mishra</p>
