---
layout: post
title:  "Mother's Love"
date:   2016-07-11 20:30:00
categories: Thriller
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-11-mother.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-11-mother.jpg
author: "Shreya Barua"
author_image: /assets/images/shreyab.jpg
---
<h2>Mother's Love</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 6 minute read</i>)
<p>“Well the morning was complete, there were tears on the steering wheel dripping on the seat..”</p>
<p>I was awoken from a deep sleep with Alex’s wistful voice, asking his girl to break his nose, filtering into my dreams. My eyes still felt heavy, and they opened slowly. I blinked them to completely dispel the fogginess that marred my vision. The sight that greeted me was completely foreign – pasty walls enclosed the bed I was currently imprisoned in, while IV drips were attached to my arms, and the only thing covering my body besides the clean white sheets was a thin gown. I tried getting up, but heaviness crept around in my head again, stopping me from doing so. Deciding that I was better off in a sleeping position, I opted to gather my bearings in that state.</p>
<p>Television in the corner playing the Monkeys’ concert – check.</p>
<p>Another lost soul in the room – nah I’m all alone.</p>
<p>My phone – MY PHONE! Looking around, I found my phone on the bedside table, but sadly lacked the strength in reaching for it. Giving up, I settled more snugly against the covers, and tried to figure out how I ended up here in the first place. With a head injury though, it seemed unlikely that I would be able to recall it all.
Wait, didn’t I have any family members waiting up on me?</p>
<p>I never really had a good relation with my family – my mother, who always blames me for the most trivial of problems occurring around, my father, who always sides with his wife, and ends up giving me a pitying smile, and my younger brother, the apple of my parents’ eyes. Yeah, I’m not really considered a part of the family, and rumour has it (heard my relatives talking about it the other day) that I’m the unwanted child; a girl who was born into a household which desired a son, desperately. Well, at least god ‘blessed’ them with one later.</p>
<p>My 10 year old brother has it all; he just has to merely whisper what he wants, and my folks granted it. If I wanted something, I was usually given hand-me-downs or nothing at all. It’s a wonder my parents even gave me basic amenities, like education and all, seeing they treat me quite indifferently.</p>
<p>Anyway, their apathy towards me resulted in me being a wild-child. Getting into reckless activities, drinking limitlessly - they didn’t really care what I was up to. So why not I live my life to the fullest? That didn’t mean I was letting my studies slip away. Oh no. I made sure I got straight A’s and kept up with my co-curriculars, they were my ticket to scholarship and a good uni, and a passage out of this hell hole called ‘family’.</p>
<p>Hearing some voices coming towards my ward, I quickly pretended to be asleep. I heard the door open suddenly, and a man’s voice filtered through.</p>
<p>“The accident resulted in severe blood loss. Her head received most of the impact. Thank goodness for air-bags, they lessened the severity of the damage.” </p>
<p>“Will she wake up soon, doctor? She’s been out for almost a whole day after the operation”, a woman’s voice, my mother’s chimed in.</p>
<p>“She should. It’s a miracle we found a donor real quick. It becomes really difficult to save them when the blood type doesn’t match with the kin and we have to put a word across for an available donor. We don’t get volunteers real quick. And our city has limited blood banks. All the more reason for our government to step up their game and do something about it.” The man, apparently the doctor who treated me, adds the last part with a short laugh.</p>
<p>Donor, who wasn’t family?</p>
<p>“Can I stay in here for while doctor?”, my mother asks.</p>
<p>“Take as long as you’d like, Mrs. Aggarwal,” the doctor replies.</p>
<p>Hearing a set of footsteps leave the room, I felt soft hands caressing my cheeks.</p>
<p>“Oh Naina, I’m sorry, so, so sorry. I shouldn’t have let this get out of hand. You don’t deserve my animosity. Please wake up, and I’ll be sure to make it up to you.”</p>
<p>Slowly opening my eyes, I turned to face her. “What happened to me?”</p>
<p>“You were involved in a car accident, my dear.”</p>
<p>“Dear? Damn I must’ve hit my head real hard, because obviously you wouldn’t really use that endearment now, would you woman?”, I reply scathingly.</p>
<p>“Oh honey, I’m really sorry. Can we please move on from the last episode?”</p>
<p>“What happened last time?”</p>
<p>“Well we...we were fighting, and I…it just...I couldn’t help it my dear...it came out of my mouth quite involuntarily..obviously hearing this anybody would storm out and get into a reckless accident..let’s not rehash it, yeah?”</p>
<p>“Just spit it out woman, I’m sure it wouldn’t be as bad as you treated me the last 18 years of my life!”</p>
<p>Reeling a bit from my scratchy yet slightly raised voice, she continued, “I’d said I wished I’d miscarried you somehow when I discovered I was pregnant with you.”
Taking a deep breath, I turned away from her. She continued wistfully, “I was already in my third trimester when I discovered that you were about to be born. Abortion in our country is illegal after this time.”</p>
<p>Fixing her with a glare, I said “so, a car accident? I wonder why god sent me back here. Maybe he didn’t want me to die without me clearing up a few things up yeah?” On the last few words, my voice died down a bit and then I started coughing in a frenzy. My mother quickly got up from her seat beside my bed a got me a glass of water. She got me into a sitting position, rubbing my back as she did so. Still surprised by her tender gestures, I drank the glass of water offered to me without any protest.</p>
<p>“I shouldn’t have alienated you..of course none of this is your fault..shouldn’t take my anger out on you..I promise to make it up to you..” My mother started off with her nervous chatter yet again.</p>
<p>Setting the glass aside, I said, “it's okay, you don't have to explain. I'm the unwanted child right? You guys never wanted a girl, and I came along. You don't have to justify your medieval mind-set.”</p>
<p>“I..uh..what? Who told you that?”</p>
<p>Shrugging my shoulders, I said “Overheard some people who were discussing our family matters.”</p>
<p>“No..that’s not the case...I..you just had a massive accident..we’ll discuss this later..now’s not the right time..I..”</p>
<p>“Just cut it out! I think I deserve some answers!” I almost screamed at her.</p>
<p>“I got pregnant with you when I was 19!” She blurted out.</p>
<p>I wasn’t surprised. “Of course they thought of marrying you off real quick.”</p>
<p>She continued “Teenage pregnancy isn’t easy. And for a child to be born outside marriage, it’s even more challenging…” she trailed off, unable to meet my eyes by this point.
I opened my mouth, but shut it up. I was too gobsmacked to even say anything.</p>
<p>Taking a deep breath, she pushed on “I was about your age. Had gone out for lunch one day with few of my friends. As we came out of the restaurant, a bunch men came up to us, and started misbehaving with one of my friends. All of us took a stand against it, but they were relentless. I slapped one of them...they beat me up, took me in their car...and..”</p>
<p>By this time, I couldn’t hear further. But she went on, “...my friends tried to follow them, but they drove fast. They took me to an abandoned warehouse, where the men..took turns..”</p>
<p>Even she couldn’t continue further. I could taste bile rising up my throat. Taking a deep breath, she said “You were the result..of this..I still don’t know who the actual father is. None of them were caught. I was discarded in the warehouse itself, where the..act..happened. Somehow I managed to get back home.”
I wanted to wretch my guts out by this point, but lack of food made it impossible. Pieces began to fall into place– why me and my mother never got along, and why my blood group didn't match with either of my parents. </p>
<hr>
<p>Nayanika came out of the hospital ward, wiping her eyes out for residual tears in the process. Having lulled Naina back to sleep, she hoped things would go uphill from this moment on.</p>
<p>“Did she take the bait?”, her husband, Sameer asks her.</p>
<p>“She did seem to. She was always such a tender heart, even though she acted otherwise. It was easy to manipulate her.”
“Good. I talked to the party. They're willing to set the date for as soon as possible. They'll give us the money on the wedding night. Make sure you set her up in such a way that she agrees to the wedding without batting an eyelid. The money that we’re getting in return will set us up for a long time. It's time your ‘reckless’ mistakes of the past came to be of some use.” Sameer says with a sardonic smile.</p>
<p>“Oh as if you weren't hedonistic enough”, Nayanika replies snidely.</p>
<p>Sameer just raised his eyebrows. “Just make sure that selling her off is the best decision we ever made.”</p>
<p>Fin!</p>
<p>- Shreya Barua</p>