---
layout: post
title:  "Birthday"
date:   2016-04-16 14:34:25
categories: ["blog", "fiction"]
tags: fiction
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-16-birthday.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-16-birthday.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>Birthday</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 3 minute read</i>)
<p>It was a windy, cloudy night. Silently sitting on top of a water tank, he looked up at the sky, introspecting not about weather, but rather, love. A terrible topic to introspect whilst one is on a bout of depression. Instant infatuation for any random girl and his inability to act on it always bothered him. 
He silently wished he wouldn’t feel so inadequate about who he was. </p>
<p>He recalled all the things people have said to him, but what they didn’t ever get was that they weren’t him.
The moment of intense fear that just consumes, freezes a person when he’s about to do something that’s not expected of him, is only known to him. He didn’t expect anyone to understand, but still dismayed, he felt. </p>
<p>Those little betrayals, that wouldn’t really matter to “normal” people,did bother him. Sometimes, a lot.</p>
<p>He looked at his phone. Seeing a picture of his friends, he thought of them and silently wished that they be replaced with people who’d not judge his eccentricities.</p>
<p>He heard a voice calling him from downstairs, urging him to come back.</p> 
<p>He cried an affirmation and sat there, staring at the sky again. He saw a thunderbolt crash into a place blocked by trees not far away from where he was.
His phone rang. </p>
<p>The constant vibrations in his hands felt like a huge rock crushing him under it’s a might.</p>
<p>A drop of water fell on the screen.He wiped it off and accepted the call.<br>
A barrage of words could be heard on the other line. He realised that it was a conference call. All his friends were shouting unanimously, “Happy Birthday”.He could hear the sweet voice of Sunaina in the cacophony of the call. </p>
<p>He let out a frail but hopeful smile.<br>
But soon it was replaced by an impassive expression. They were wishing someone else. He cut the call.</p>
<p>A pathetic feeling, took over his body.He stood up, and started walking slowly on the tank wishing, a cosmic force would incinerate him and he’d be at peace without knowing. He felt empty and afraid at the same time. An inexplicable feeling.</p>
<p>There a beep on his phone. Sunaina says, “Happy Birthday! .. Can we talk?”<br>
He smiled though the burning tears.It was a cloudy night. <br>
There was hope.<br>
<p>He heard a loud thud, and the next moment, he ceased to exist. </p>
<p>Fin!</p>
