---
layout: post
title:  "That Night"
date:   2016-06-23 18:33:10
categories: blog fiction
tags: romance fiction
image: /assets/article_images/2016-06-23-the-night.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-06-23-the-night.jpg
author: "Santrupta Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/santrupta.jpg
---
<h2>That Night</h2> 
(*Romance, 3 minute read *) <br>
The sight of empty roads leading to her house was always exciting for him. The sight of cuckoo birds cuckooing in the middle of the night, the sounds of the night watchmen blowing their whistles, searching for fiends, thieves and what not, the sight of dogs sometimes sleeping peacefully, lying in the middle of the road, and the two of them, walking hand to hand, talking with each other.<br>
Today was not one of those days. Rather, the last few months weren’t like this. She was walking next to him, unusually silent. His eyes weren’t searching for hers. The homeless people, frail and weak, sleeping in the sidewalk, the sound of the wind blowing with a hooting noise, rain drizzling slowly into the road, his eyes were busy looking at those things. He knew why, but didn’t feel like admitting it.<br>
He thought of the reason this had to happen, where the things went wrong. He had thought a lot before, but could never pinpoint why.<br> 
His eyes refused to twinkle when they saw her after a period of months, his heartbeat didn’t elevate, he just didn’t feel excited. <br>
He stated the reason for this to be lack of sleep but he knew better. She was slowly realizing this.<br>
Overridden with guilt, he had done nothing. The split was long overdue, but he didn’t know what he would say to her. <br>
I can’t say I don’t like her anymore, he thought. She is so great, everything I need right now. But what can I do, I feel empty when I’m with her, I just don’t know why. <br>
Catching her glancing at him, he could still see the sparkle in her eyes that he lacked. <br>
What is happening, he thought. I don’t want to make this hard on her. What do I do? <br>
She stopped walking, but he didn’t notice that, he walked on ahead. 
He heard her call the second time. Turning, back he saw her face was stone cold. <br>
“Sid, I understand that you aren’t able to say this. If you can’t, then I will. I’m breaking up with you.”<br>
Looking at her, he didn’t know what to say.<br> 
“Aren’t you going to say something?” she asked.<br> 
Her eyes turned pale. <br>
Please don’t try to call me”, saying this she hurried forward, not looking back once.<br>
He could hear her sobbing as she passed him. He didn’t stop her. <br>
He felt liberated for that moment. The taste of freedom was too overwhelming. He felt happy, to his surprise. Feeling wrong about the way he felt, he turned around and ran, trying to not think of anything. <br>
Still, the only thing that was in his mind was that he was free now.<br>
But the guilt never went away.<br>
-- [Santrupta Mishra](http://www.facebook.com/wordsmiths14)