---
layout: post
title:  "The Bait"
date:   2016-06-17 14:34:25
categories: blog
tags: [featured, life]
image: /assets/article_images/2016-06-17-the-bait.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-06-17-the-bait.jpg
author: "Gursifath Bhasin"
author_image: /assets/images/gursifath.jpg
---

<h2>The Bait</h2>
( <i>Life, 2 minute read </i> )
<p>Why does this happen sometimes? That even when you do not want to go inside the trap, you most willingly do. You enjoy it. You know it is harmful in the long run, yet you enjoy it. It eats you from within slowly and gradually. Why do you still not force yourself to stop at the threshold when you already know of the consequences? Why do you so easily give in to the temptation? Why is that you waste your life chasing the bait? What will you gain out of it? In the end its worthless. You are the only thing you have in this world. No one else. Yet you do this injustice to yourself. You say that someone means more than you do to your own self
.</p><p>Repeatedly chanting the same thing becomes a part of your being. You can't imagine your life without the bait. Yes, you are trapped. Scared? Oh no. Its just the starting. This is what you longed for. And the worst part will be that others around you will also be behind the bait, sometimes your own bait. In the process of chasing it, you are bound to feel behind others. You are bound to feel as if you don't deserve the bait. Maybe it is more expensive than you can afford. Maybe it is more spicy than your taste buds can handle. Very late in life do you realise that it isn't yours. Not in your destiny. In this process you lose yourself. You are lost in this world of unknowns. You feel broken. You cry. You feel terrible. Life is miserable. Life is not kind always. Life can take strange turns you wouldn't want it to take. </p><p>And you are silly, my friend. You thought life was a cakewalk. By the end of it all, you would have met new people, ate different dishes, been to different places, but the one thing that will not leave your mind even when u die is that bait. That bait could have been your life. But hell, it didn't turn out that way. All you can do is die now. Or maybe die later. How does that make a difference anyway. After all you are dying from within ever since. And almost dead now.</p>
<p>* Note to the reader *: Love yourself. And above loving, respect yourself. Respect your own self-respect. No 'your-self-respect' intruder is to be allowed to stay in your life. Know your worth. It is amazing to love and even better to be loved. But if that *bait* is no good for your development as a individual, and even worse if you are losing yourself in the process, then what is the whole point? Was losing yourself the initial goal? You wanted to come across others as a weak individual? If the answer is even a hesitant, slight "NO", i guess you are in the wrong place. Do yourself a favour by quitting before it's too late!</p>
- [Gursifath Bhasin](http://www.facebook.com/wordsmiths14)

