---
layout: post
title:  "Oskar and the War: Part 2"
date:   2016-05-04 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: thriller
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-27-oskar1.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-27-oskar1.jpg
author: santrupta
---
<h2>Oskar and the War: Part 2</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 4 minute read</i>)
[Part-1]()
<p>"Why do you think she killed you?" ask the girl in red. <br>
"She kept me locked up in the cupboard", said the boy, "she thinks I'm an abomination"<br>
"Did she say that to you ?"<br>
"No, but I know it. Can we not fly to wherever we are going?"<br>
"Let's walk." </p>
<p>Two living beings walked through the inanimate town. Death and destruction had ravaged the peaceful suburb. <br>
On reaching the front door of the young boy's house, they noticed a broken vase on the front steps. The door was open. <br>
Suddenly, the boy felt air getting out of his lungs, choking him momentarily. It subsided quickly.<br>
Everything was in reverse– the reverend walked backwards into his son's bedroom, then into the bathroom, and the wounds inflicted by a belt suddenly vanishing from his son’s back.</p>
<p>Miss Flitzpatrick walked backwards into the house. The boy could see an expression of pity on her face.<br>
The vase behind them rejoined itself, while ricocheting off the pillar next to the stairs.<br>
"Duck!" said the girl. Upon crouching, they saw the vase zoom into the house. </p>
<p>The boy could feel a plethora of juxtaposed sounds in his head, causing spontaneous headaches. Looking to his right, he saw the girl standing still. She did not budge.<br>
Suddenly, everything stopped. The world felt real to him again. He looked back and saw the road inhabited by warm blooded people again, all running in haste.<br>
A radio broadcaster, meanwhile, could be heard saying, " The " *static* "have invaded the country, please stay in your homes I repeat” *static* <br>
A loud wail could be heard from inside the house. The duo peeked through the window to see the boy's step-mother running after the dog, holding a knife.</p>
<p>"Give me the keys damn it!" she shouted. The dog held a bunch of keys between his teeth.<br>
"Oh my goodness! Mrs Belenky what-", a vase was hurled towards Miss Flitzpatrick, which she missed.<br>
"Get out of my house!", said Mrs Belenky said. <br>
She slipped to the ground and cried.</p>
<p>The expression in the woman's face turned from anguish, to shock in a matter of seconds. <br>
Not a minute had passed when the boy saw his step-mother get up and dash towards the kitchen. <br>
"Don't go in", the girl in the red said to the boy.</p>
<p>They stood there, watching while the mother ran towards the locked cupboard, holding a glass of milk and slipped it under the flap.<br> 
"Drink it! And I should see it's empty when I open this door", she said, trying to sound stern.<br>
She then walked slowly to the couch and sat, not uttering a word, looking at the slowly revolving fan.<br>
The boy said, " Why did she do this?" </p>
<p>“She didn’t want to see you starve. The invaders won’t spare your people, and you would probably die a more horrific death than they did.”<br>
The boy gave an expression of contempt.<br>
“I would’ve survived. This is not right. I don’t deserve this!” said the boy.<br>
Looking outside the window, they saw black specks on the sky, that slowly increased in size, almost exponentially. <br>
The house turned to rubble in a matter of seconds. </p>
<p>The boy ducked, fearing he may get hurt. But then stood up, realising, he was probably an apparition.<br>
Mrs. Bellenky laid there on the ground, whispering frantically, “I’m sorry! I’m so, so sorry” to herself, regretting what she did to her son – that, perhaps, he may have survived this.</p>
<p>The boy ran past his step-mother and went near the dog. Looking at him, he cried.<br>
“Would he go where I’m going ?” he asked. <br>
“Yes.”<br>
“What about her?” <br>
“She will go somewhere, where no one wants to be.”<br>
FIN!</p>
<p>-Santrupta Mishra</p>