---
layout: post
title:  "Push"
date:   2016-05-10 14:34:25
categories: Life
tags: life
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-10-push.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-10-push.jpg
author: "Arushi Chopra"
author_image: /assets/images/arushi.jpg
---
<h2>PUSH</h2>
(<i>Feel Good, 3 minute read</i>
<p>"Push! Push! PUSH!"<br>
A chorus of several voices surrounds me, repeating the word over and over again- like a chant at some religious ceremony- till I lose the ability to distinguish one voice from another. Only the word registers, and its meaning is the one thing that the pain searing through my mind still allows me to comprehend.<br>
"Push!"<br>
Push, so that you can finally palpate the pulse initiated by the heart that's been fluttering inside your tummy for months. <br>
"Push!" <br>
Push, so that you can hold the tiny limbs that have been nudging you from inside your womb, against your cheeks. <br>
"Push!"<br>
Push, so that you can take a glimpse at the face that you've imagined and reimagined so many times, that it's nothing but a blur now. <br>
"Push!"<br>
Push, so that you can cradle to your bosom the familiar stranger, who you've shared your body with for 9 months. Push, so she isn't a stranger anymore. <br>
And so, I push. <br>
I push out the lips that don’t part to cry, and the chest that doesn’t heave with its first gulps of air. I still push. <br>
But now the voices begin to note the stillness of the limbs weighed down by death. And there's chaos as the voices scream instructions at each other in futile attempts to resuscitate my stranger.<br>
I know the attempts are futile. <br>
My gut tells me. <br>
When the Voices tire, they lay my stranger down next to me. I was wrong; her lips did part. No breath escaped them, though. <br>
I push once again. I push with all my might against the boundaries that separate our realms, aching to feel her fluttering heartbeat. <br>
I think she pushes back. </p>
<p>-Arushi Chopra</p>
