---
layout: post
title:  "Were you going to call the police"
date:   2016-04-26 14:34:25
categories: Weird
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-26-police.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-26-police.jpg
author: "Harsh Pandey"
author_image: /assets/images/harsh.jpg
---
<h2>Were you going to call the POLICE!?</h2>
(<i>Weird, 6 minute read</i>)
<p>The boy was cycling down to the market. His mother had a fractured leg, so the evening shopping was upto him. The market was not a stone’s throw from the house and thus a cycle was required to help in carrying the load easily. Moreover he liked cycling. The whirr of the chain, the wind in the hair… Peace of mind… He liked it all. As he turned to a quiet stretch on the road, he quickly took a peek at today’s list. The maid who worked in the house dictated the requirements to him daily. “Write them down!! You forget things faster than my 95 year old grandmother!” She’d say. He had forgotten to bring the karela (bitter melon) the day before yesterday, or so he told her at home and the rest of the family. He didn’t want to eat karela for dinner. No sane person ever would.As a result, now, he had to write everything down. And the next day, during dinner, he had to control himself from throwing up from the karela. Today’s list consisted of 2.5 litres of milk, a dozen eggs, bananas, one kilogram of oranges, two of potatoes, one of onions, a bag of sugar, loaf of bread.</p>
<p>‘That’ll take an eternity…’ he thought. But today’s list seemed harmless enough. As if he could skip a few items if he wanted to. He jumped the approaching red light and took a right turn against the incoming traffic. A few drivers, who had to stop abruptly in order to not crash in him, threw flamboyant curses, which should not be shouted on a public crossroad, in his direction. He just waved to them and smiled. The market greeted him with the familiar shops and the familiar shopkeepers and the familiar shoppers. However the market looked more crowded than usual today. A cluster of people had gathered around the end of the marketplace, next to the dairy shop. He could hear some shouting but he could not make out the words. Inquisitive the boy cycled down to see what was happening.</p>
<p>He parked his cycle in front of the dairy and asked the dairy man, “Bhaiya, what’s happened here?” An accented “YOU INATTENTIVE SLACK!! CAN’T YOU SEE WHERE YOU”RE DRIVING YOUR CAR?!?!” suddenly erupted from the swarm. “I KNOW WHERE I AM DRIVING IT, IDIOT! CAN’T YOU SEE WHERE YOU TAKE YOURS?!?!?!” rang out another voice.
“Some guy backed into an Oxford English Dictionary’s car. And now its world war III.” The dairy man replied laughing, handing out a can of milk to a lady.</p>
<p>“HEBETUDINOUS BERK! WHO EVEN GAVE YOU A DRIVING LICENSE?!?!” erupted the accented voice.<br>
“Oxford Dictionary!” The boy said laughing along. “Do you know what hebetudinous even mean?”<br>
“I have no idea.”<br>
“YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS, YOU SIGHTLESS CREEP!!” The accented words were spat out in agony.<br>
“IT’S YOUR FAULT, AIRHEAD!!! YOU PULLED OUT YOUR CAR WITHOUT EVEN HONKING ONCE!” shouted the other voice.<br>
“Well, I’m going to check it out. Can you watch over my cycle?”<br>
“Sure.”<br>
“Thanks.” The boy parked the cycle next to the shop and braced himself to face the swarm. He went to the edge of the line where people stood on tip toe to watch the ongoing drama.</p>
<p>“TAKE OUT TEN THOUSAND RUPEES NOW!!! NOW!!!” the accent rang out.<br>
The other voice harshly cried, “IT’S NOT MY FAULT!! YOUR CAR GAVE MY BEAUTY A BRUISE!!! YOU GIVE ME TEN THOUSAND RUPEES, NINCOMPOOP!!!!”<br>
‘Nincompoop… Hebetudinous… Either my vocabulary really is as bad as mother says or these people are out of the world.’ The boy thought as he pushed through the walls of people. “Excuse me. Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me,” the boy kept saying until he finally reached to the centre of it all.</p>
<p>A Mitsubishi Pajero stood with an open door. A Honda Civic was touching the right rear portion of the Pajero. The Pajero had a big dent on the door and the paint had come off. The Civic’s bumper was not a pretty sight. Apparently the Pajero and Civic had backed at the same time and the drivers were lousy enough to not notice. ‘Well, dumb heads, it’s a mutual mistake. Pulling out at the speed of a formula one car… What else did they expect?’ The boy said in his mind. The owner of the Pajero (most probably) had the owner of the Civic pinned to the door of the Civic, holding his collar. The people had gathered around the Civic to watch the fight. A few in the crowd were betting on who would win this cockfight.</p>
<p>“LEAVE ME, BERSERK IMBECILE!!!” The Civic owner cried out.<br>
‘Berserk imbecile. Name to be noted for future use.’ The boy registered to himself.<br>
“I’LL SUE YOU, IF YOU DON’T PAY ME!!!” Pajero roared.<br>
“IT IS NOT MY FAULT, YOU DERANGED LUNATIC!!!” Civic hollered back.<br>
‘Deranged lunatic… Should learn this one too. Boy, aren’t I gonna be hit at school…’ The boy smiled to himself.<br>
“GIVE ME TEN THOUSAND RUPEES NOW!!” Pajero’s face was made with rage. He could only handle that much.<br>
“NO!! I’M CALLING THE POLICE!! LET THEM HANDLE THIS!!” Civic bellowed back in his face, trying to reach for his cell phone.</p>
<p>Suddenly a car’s ignition stopped everyone. There was a sound of a door closing shut and a car driving out. Everyone’s heads turned in time to see the white and purple Pajero drive out on its own. A hand stuck out of the window to wave at the crowd. Mr. Pajero let go of Mr. Civic. His face was a battle of emotions. He dropped to his knees.</p>
<p>“You were calling the police?” He asked.</p>
-Harsh