---
layout: post
title:  "Man Up"
date:   2016-05-17 14:34:25
categories: Poetry
tags: poetry
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-17-man-up.png
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-17-man-up.png
author: arushi
---
<h2>Man Up</h2>
(<i>Poetry</i>)
<p>"Man up, Ethan"<br>
Had said Dad when i was 9<br>
And i'd walked in to find<br>
Him sprawled on the couch<br>
With two women by his side<br>
Naked, but for heels.<br>
And neither was Ma, so i had to lie.<br>
So i did, and threw up later that night<br>
Again and again and again, <br>
till i could feel his Sin leave my body.<br>
"Man up, Ethan,<br>
Or that'd be you"<br>
Said my middle school bully <br>
As he shoved my best friend's face<br>
In the toilet and flushed it<br>
Again and again and again,<br>
And he came up red-faced <br>
And walked back to class head held down<br>
Waiting for the ground<br>
To swallow him. <br>
I wanted to help him clean up, but i didnt.<br>
"Man up, Ethan"<br>
Had drawled Ma at 16<br>
When i wouldnt go down the street <br>
To buy her whiskey. <br>
For even when she tried,<br>
She failed to hide<br>
the slur in her words. <br>
And i could see her arm punctured a gazillion times<br>
By the worm of heroine. <br>
I think she screamed herself to sleep that night.<br>
"Man up, Ethan"<br>
Yells the mirror at 25<br>
So i drive out into the night<br>
Till i spot the fake blonde in fishnets <br>
Standing at the street corner,<br>
Cigarette in hand.<br>
And i offer her a lift to my king sized bed.<br>
"Men like it rough"<br>
Had laughed my college roommate <br>
So somewhere in the heat<br>
Of it all, i wrap my hands around her throat<br>
And squeeze.<br>
But maybe i squeeze too hard,<br>
For she's choking, and writhing, and spluttering, and gasping.<br>
And i hate it and i hate it and i hate it<br>
But i finish anyways. <br>
(cause men like it rough)<br>
And later, i apologize with a 200 dollar bill.<br>
Even though i know i'll do it again.<br>
So, i pour glass after glass of whiskey<br>
(on the rocks, like a man would have it)<br>
And i drink down my guilt with it.<br>
I wonder if my manhood is nestled somewhere at the bottom of this bottle<br>.
(that, or oblivion.)<br>
I'm a man<br>
So i'll do it again.<br>
Of course i'll do it again.<br>
-Arushi Chopra</p>