---
layout: post
title:  "89 Cuts Deep"
date:   2016-06-20 9:00:10
categories: blog social
tags: Social commentary
image: /assets/article_images/2016-06-20-cuts-deep.jpg
author: "Rohan Mishra"
author_image: /assets/images/Rohan.jpg
---

<h2> 89 Cuts Deep.</h2>
( <i>Social Commentary - 3 minute read </i> ) <br>
<p><i> I </i> am sorry, but this is going to be yet another article on ‘Udta Punjab’ and how incredibly screwed up our ‘system’ is. I have thrown in some jokes on Pahlaj Nihalani as well for your liking! But first of all let’s go back in time where Kanti Shah ruled the single screens across the nation. The 90s.</p>
<p>With 90s came liberalisation, a new form of Indian-ness, a radical change in the tone of movies and soaps that depicted how ‘free’ and ‘broad-minded’ we Indians are. And with that came a new vigour to conservatism, an effort to put a check to the endless and useless item songs and perverted scenes in movies. I thank God that happened. There were some good movies, some average but there were which some I can’t forget, and I surely don’t mean it in a good way.</p>
<p>Come the new millennium and we have great movies and moreover, we have the Social Media. I, personally, think Facebook is like highschool, but everyone has a microphone to yell into. With every mindless trend there is, we are sure to chime in. Now, before I start ranting, let me get back to my love, movies.</p>
<p>The CBFC, colloquially called ‘The Censor Board’, is a government established ‘independent’ agency whose purpose is to provide certification to movies and also check for anything that should offend anyone or send some wrong message across. That, is a big responsibility. Any idea that could harm the society or distract the masses should and must be checked. This is of utmost importance, given that we have the largest and perhaps the most impressionable youth in the world. However, the CBFC, the ‘Big Brother’ if you will has vested interests, which is no big surprise. It has often been alleged to involve in corruption to give improper ratings to some films and has garnered a really bad image for itself.</p>
<p>Let me state this clear and straight. I absolutely hate the fact that the board allowed thoroughly perverted movies like ‘Mastizaade’ , countless item songs about some two-syllabled dame, or the innuendos strewn all across movies.</p>
<p>The Board may be broken. However, it shouldn’t be discarded as a whole. India plays host to a plethora of religious and social minorities, with said minorities battling both amongst themselves and the majority for better rights and privileges. All of this mostly leads to a very frail environment for cordial ties to develop. Complete freedom of speech might further add to the tension that breeds in the country. And we need censor board to regulate that. Freedom of speech can never be placed before peace as a priority.</p>

<p>We need a censorship board, not to ban everything like they do in cousin Kim Jong Un’s land, but to hinder and provide a check to the unnecessary and the misconstrued which plan to make money off senseless debauchery. We need censorship, to initiate the dialogue to determine where to draw the line between being ‘broad-minded’ and being ‘amoral’.
Censors know that they can’t control the public cultural and media space. Although they cut this or that, my primary belief is that censorship, itself is a performative art, an assertion of authority and in a way, it capitalises on the controversy. Authority thrives on attention; and the CBFC sure does get a lot of attention. In this public culture of dilemma with all the media, the social platforms and countless other forms of communication, the Censorship Board is one player out of many.</p>
-[Rohan Mishra](http://www.facebook.com/wordsmiths14)