---
layout: post
title:  "Bleed"
date:   2016-05-05 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: commentary
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-05-bleed.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-05-bleed.jpg
author: shreyag
---
<h2>Bleed</h2>
(<i>Commentary, 4 minute read</i>)
<p>Another unexceptional day at school. Our Biology teacher entered the classroom, and started with a chapter that every student of Class 8-D was curious about, but at the same time, were apprehensive and shy in talking about it openly. Our teacher could hear the boys giggling and also noticed the embarrassed faces of the girls. Accustomed to this “normal” behavior, she proceeded to explain the typical changes a human body undergoes. The class ended and one of my classmates went up to the teacher with some doubts. Someone pointed towards her skirt and said, “Ask her to hide it.” Gradually, everyone took note of it, with the boys exclaiming, “Is that blood?”. The poor girl realized what had happened and ran towards the washroom with sheer embarrassment. Locking herself up inside one of the cubicles, she cried out, “Why were they laughing at me? Isn’t this a natural phenomena? Don’t all girls experience this? I won’t come to school tomorrow.”</p>
<p>Neither her nor do I understand the point of making fun of her. This habitual thing has been made a taboo in our country. Hunger, thirst, sleep, urination – all these have three things in common. One, they are a part of nature; two, they are all related to our bodies; and, three, we usually don’t hesitate to talk about them. But there is something else, which belongs to the first two categories and not the third, and that’s menstruation. In India, “periods” is an embarrassment for us girls due to all those baseless taboos attached to it. A menstruating girl is believed to be “impure” by our society. We’re utterly gobsmacked by this stupid fact. Menstruation is a gift– it is the key to our motherhood. Biologically, menstruation is a very good sign indicating the fact that a woman has a healthy reproductive cycle.</p>
<p>Though, metropolitan cities are a bit less barbaric towards menstruation than the rural areas, women are still jittery in talking about it openly. In workplaces, schools, colleges, everywhere, in fact, it is referred by various euphemisms like “that time of the month”, “girly problems”, “stomach ache”, to the extent of calling it an “allergy”.
A girl on her period is not expected to touch or go near anything “holy” or “sacred”, like a temple. But when this society is fine with the red paan stains on a temple’s wall, what’s wrong with red stains on a girl’s skirt? In Indian mythology, we have a goddess of bleeding, Kamakhya Devi. But ironically, a woman on her period entering a temple is sacrilege. In some Indian cultures, a girl’s first menstruation cycle is celebrated– as an achievement of “maturity”. So how is that same girl considered impure on her subsequent menstrual cycles?</p>
<p>It is imperative that our society understands that “our time of the month” is perfectly natural. It is distressing to see that more than 70% women in India are forced to adjust in unhygienic conditions due to the unavailability of sanitary products. One in five schoolgirls drop out of school when they start menstruating.This isn’t a mark of a progressive society.</p>
<p>Moreover, it is a necessity that parents openly discuss this with their kids. Girls already are aware of it, since they experience it. But it is essential that boys are sensitised about this issue as well. </p>
<p>“We bleed, accept and deal with it.” Stop asking women to hide the miracle of life. Let them bleed freely.</p>
<p>-Shreya Garg</p>