---
layout: post
title:  "Faith"
date:   2016-06-23 20:33:10
categories: blog fiction
tags:  fiction
image: /assets/article_images/2016-06-23-faith.jpg
author: "Raghav Aggarwal"
author_image: /assets/images/raghav.jpg
---

##Faith  
(*Life, 2 minute read*)
<p>A busy market, she stands in the temple, peaceful, serene. Her eyes closed. While people around ask for material things, all she wants is to never lose faith
.</p>
<p>"Have faith"; something her parents always tell her, her faith protects her when it's dark , it tells her to aim for peace and never hurt fellow beings. </p>
<p>Across the street; he walks with increasing pace, pulling his handbag closer with every step,the clock is ticking faster every second, the handbag has to be placed at the right position in time. His forehead is filled with beads of perspiration, all the nervousness and fear is covered by the blanket of his faith.
Faith that he was born to do this, that heavens wait for his soul after the accomplishment of his mission.</p>
<p>The market is filled to the brim; anything and everything is sold and bought.
Coming down the steps of the temple, her eye catches this man, walking with a brisk pace, a handbag hanging down his shoulder; just then his wallet drops out of his pocket, picking up the wallet she screams<br>
"**HEY**!"<p>
<p>He turns around , a girl is screaming pointing at him, fear surmounts him, his legs freeze, she is running towards him, his limbs are no more in his control as he stands there as a statue.</p>
<p>"*You dropped your wallet*"</p>
<p>He looks down at his purse, then looks up at the girl smiling at him.
He takes the wallet pushing the handbag closer to his chest. </p>
<p>"* Is something wrong?, you are sweating profusely *" <br>
"*No, nothing.* " He says turning around for his mission can't afford any delay.
"*Have faith, all will be well*"
He keeps walking as she speaks, she asks him to have faith,</p>
<p>HE HAS FAITH!
it drives all his fears away.
And soon his faith will win. </p>
<p>Such different roles, such different meanings, still they use the same word "faith".
He takes the bomb out, places his thumb on the red button, something stops him, the girl's smiling face floating in front of his eyes.
"All will be well"</p>
<p>But not for them,**FOR HIM!** </p>
<p>Heavens wait for his arrival.
A ball of fire engulfs the market . </p>
- [Raghav Aggarwal] (http://www.facebook.com)