---
layout: post
title:  "The Fantasy"
date:   2016-07-02 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: thriller
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-02-fantasy.png
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-02-fantasy.png
author: "Anwesha Padhi"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>The Fantasy :- </h2>
(<i>Thriller, 7 minute read</i>) 
<p>The creaks of his dilapidated chair echoed in the baronial office work space. There was an eerie silence and the day was cognitively different from typical. Rajat waited for his computer to compile the Java and lazily turned at the digital clock on his grey desk. Two years, three months four day and the 13th hour of hard work, that would soon vanish unaccounted for. He sighed. Soon, sound of heavy footsteps marching right into the office corridor broke his parade of thoughts. Realizing the implication, Rajat hurried out to hail a convoy of corporate patrons, a corporate etiquette, probably. The group that trotted through the narrow corridor was led by a lady he had certainly never seen before. The lady was in a red pencil-skirt, topped by a satin white shirt tucked inside the skirt. She had let her brown cascade tied up in a high bun. There was an unusual charm that ran down her porcelain skin and perfectly beautified delicate features. She wore a white crystal pendant that hung loosely at the edge of her cleavage. As the swarm passed Rajat, she turned sharply to take a look at him. Her look was different and the smirk that momentarily changed the dimensions of her blood red lips was evil. Her eyes had a tinge of seduction and carried an aura of mystery, cold and deep. As they walked into the big conference room, the whispers and the sound of footsteps were gradually replaced by the pin-drop silence.<br>
As our protagonist resumed his work, he found it hard to resist the thoughts of the anonymous lady he had just had an exchange of expressions with. She was wrapped in an unresolved mystery. It was not particularly scary yet had nothing to entice in a stable human mind but fear and anxiety. She had the essence that commanded attention and a disdain for interference resting in the backdrop. A combination of too many traits, with clarity of none. He had noticed her steps to be too light and fleeting. She didn’t wobble a step despite the sharply pointed heels she wore. There was a degree of perfection she carried that was far from generic. Someone among his colleagues had hinted her to be an ad-hoc for the ailing chairman, and thoughts of her being temporary lingered in his thoughts and saddened a part of his soul.<br>
A knock interrupted Rajat’s engrossment, and he re-organised himself to save himself from any embarrassment, not very sure if his mentally seduced-self had not affected his physical one in sub consciousness.<br>
“Arey, aaiye Pandey ji, come in.”, he smiled while gesturing the old clerk to come in, “Who is it now?”<br>
“The new madam, Sirji, she wants to have a meeting with you”, the old clerk said while trying to flaunt his skills in English.<br>
Momentarily, his heart stopped beating and the very next moment it bit so vigorously that he could feel his chest puffing in and out. A peculiar sense of ecstasy stretched his lips into a smile and sending him back to a hallucinated engrossment paired with too many questions. He managed to give a slight nod to the clerk. As the latter walked out of the cabin, Rajat turned himself towards the wall with the clock hanging on it.<br>
Thirty minutes past ten, it said. Rajat smiled and briefed a small introduction, rehearsed it a few more times and started walking out of the cabin with a file in his hand, probably to look a tad more professional.<br>
He sauntered to Madam’s cabin in order to veil his overwhelm and excitement. On reaching the cabin door, he could notice through the glass that the lady had her gaze fixed on the large antique clock on the textured wall, while her hands played with the white crystal pendant that had the prodigy of embracing her smooth skin. She had let her hair open and thick brown mass of hair fell over her shoulders. She looked obnoxious and intoxicated Rajat pushing him back to his world of secret thoughts.<br>
“You may come in”, the lady said, slowly drifting her gaze towards Rajat. Her voice was melody. Was there anything about her not par perfection? Or was she a goddess in disguise? What if she actually was an angel without a halo? Umpteen nonsensical fantasies whirred his head as Rajat walked into the cabin, somewhat in trance. He tried looking here and there to save himself from doing anything embarrassing. The cabin had been renovated and it was majorly covered in red, seemingly thematic. A painting of a river of blood flowing, with desiccated bodies lying along the bay line hung behind the lady. It was eerie and awkward and crippled the romance that had lately been coveting Rajat’s senses. Bringing about what the lady commanded, fear. He turned his head to the left and was slightly surprised to see the big antique clock stuck at 9. Before he could raise a question, the only other voice in the room spoke up. “I like it at 9”. Suspense enhanced and fears were a replaced inhibition back in our hero’s mind.<br>
“I hear you’re one of the most accomplished employees here. You have scored big time. I was curious to know more of you.”<br>
Rajat managed a smile despite the most bizarre emotions ransacking his courage down the core.<br>
“How do you like me?” the lady spoke in a manner that was too sharp to be ignored and too polite to be good. Her eyes narrowed as she pierced them into his, somewhat blurring his conscience.<br>
“You’re beautiful”, Rajat said as he gulped a lump of self-apathy and shame down his throat.<br>
She smiled and blushed and despite the bewildering fears, Rajat could not resist noticing how ravishing she looked with her cheeks tempting rosy shades of shyness. As he looked on, the lady got up and walked behind him, her steps too light and fleeting.<br>
“Tell me more”, she whispered, bending upon her shoulders, and letting her long fingers play with the manly chest with a fragile heart underneath.<br>
“I like the pendant that dangles down your neck”. Clueless of the silence that followed, Rajat apprehensively turned towards the lady, only to be left aghast.<br>
Streams of black tears ran down the lady’s rosy cheeks.<br>
“I wanted it red. I like red.” Rajat stared at the petrifying sight that hung over his shoulder, scarcely left with any of his senses. The mystery was unfolding and fears clutched every inch of his soul, making him too gullible to dare, too trapped to escape.<br>
“Will you make it red?”, the lady spoke in deathly innocence, and before he could frame what had just happened, Rajat could see the charming visage turning beastly, with pale eyes and parched lips, and a growl before long canine teeth pulsated through his veins, draining every ounce of blood in his body. The world darkened around him, as he saw the white crystal turning red, blood red- his blood fulfilling the unfulfilled desires of a scarred soul, an uncanny barter at the cost of life.</p>
************************<br><br>

<p>A loud thump shook him off the nap he had slipped into. Rajat looked around and shrugged. His forehead shun with sweat and his face was pale, ironically as an expression of relief. A panoply of emotions gushed through his nerves. He felt like an escapist, a refugee who had liberated himself from the fetters of torture and agony, yet the darkness of past had blinded him from seeing the light of the present, momentarily. He nervously gasped for some air and moved out of the creaky chair, and looked at the clock behind him. It said 9.<br>
“I like it at 9”, a voice whispered to him, freezing his nerves, before he realized it to be just a shockwave of his hallucination. He slowly stepped out to the corridor and left out a sigh, glad to have finally stepped into reality. The phone in his left pant pocket beeped.<br>
MEETING WITH THE CHAIRMAN, flashed on the screen as a pre-set memo. Rajat hit his head with his hand. The damned dream had pushed him into a traumatic oblivion. He rushed to collect his files from his desk. Within the next few minutes, he was standing outside the executive cabin, waiting to be called in. He was supposed to give a presentation on the architectural planning of the company’s next shopping mall. Placement of shops, the outer designs, colour palettes and adherence to budget was all his work to do. He wanted it to go well, it had to. It could prove his golden chance to soar in appraisals. He was confident and the determination sparkled his eyes. He smiled in self-motivation and walked inside the cabin.<br>
“Please come in, Mr. Rajat” a husky voice greeted him in. Strange it may sound, Rajat felt a peculiar familiarity with the voice. Seemingly, he had joined the dots but was reluctant to accept it. Dismissing his thoughts as bizarre, he walked in. the chair on the opposite side had been facing the wall. Despite the semi-darkness of the area, he could trace long beautiful fingers playing with what looked like a pendant. The figure nodded as Rajat greeted and begun with his presentations.
“So the color palette would be of white, cyan and yellow suiting the...”
“Red” interrupted the voice.<br>
“Pardon me, ma’am?”, tingling an iota of restlessness in Rajat.<br>
The figure moved out of the chair and started to walk towards Rajat.
Horrors of his dream started haunting him back. As the light fell on the figure’s face, Rajat could feel the dread, lately in his mind, coming to existence. As the earth beneath his feet started sliding away, he felt bouts of fear clutching the insides of his body. It was the face, the same face. She was the one he had dreamt of. The pendant was a white crystal. He had never so closely explored the dimensions of horror till now. His head felt dizzy and he wanted to faint right away to save himself from the apprehensions that scared him in the back of his mind.<br>
The lady walked closer to him, smiling, and it seemed she was in total understanding with the multiple thoughts that were undeniably paralyzing. She bent for her lips to be close enough to his ear and uttered words that broke the last dint of courage Rajat had backed himself with.</p>
“I want it red”.<br>