---
layout: post
title:  "Man closes his Eyes"
date:   2016-07-09 20:30:00
categories: Poetry
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-09-close-eyes.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-09-close-eyes.jpg
author: "El Anonimo"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>Man closes his Eyes</h2>
(<i>Poetry, 6 minute read</i>)
<p>A man, old and frail, <br>
Sitting in this room so dark, <br>
Closes his eyes to plunge into the past, <br>
His past, which isn't so vast.</p>
<p>In the depths if his mind, <br>
He finds two children, <br>
A son and a daughter, no more than twelve, <br>
Playing in the garden by themselves.</p>
<p>Her daughter, a fairy in human form, <br>
Looks like love getting personified. <br>
She looks at him, looks terrified, <br><br>
Like something is burning, within her heart, </p>
<p>Opens her mouth, and the lullaby start, <br>
"In the land of heavens, there resides a fairy; <br>
As playful as a little dove. <br>
With a gentle heart, she is a sky full of stars, </p>
<p>Waiting for her moon, waiting for her love."<br>
Clatter of metal disrupt his music, <br>
A soldier banging his bars with a rod, <br>
He comes back to the cell, where he is contained, </p>
<p>He stands up, tall and broad.<br>
An accomplice enters his room, <br>
The lawyer, who is going to defend. <br>
With hand on the old man's shoulder, </p>
<p>He promises that all his trouble will end.
His hands tremble, in rage and fear <br>
And his dried up eyes, burst out a tear <br>
For all these blames, he got to hear. </p>
<p>For all this pain, he has to bear.<br>
And he closes his eyes again, <br>
Her body flashes in front of him, <br>
With his kitchen knife carved through her heart </p>
<p>And the lullabies in his ears start, <br>
"In the land of heavens, there resides a fairy; <br>
As playful as a little dove. <br>
With a gentle heart, she is a sky full of stars, </p>
<p>Waiting for her moon, waiting for her love."<br>
Within the symphony he hears the claps of wood, <br>
A wooden hammer on a raid. </p>
He open his eyes to find himself in a courtroom. </p>
<p>He open his eyes, standing on the palisade.<br>
He looks around, at thoughtless people, <br>
Faint murmurs, and chatter of a typewriter, <br>
Lawyers rustling through files and folders, </p>
<p>Looking to keep the blame upon his shoulders.<br>
And the man, too old and frail, <br>
His limbs shiver in fear and rage. <br>
Rage, arising out of these shackles, </p>
<p>Fear, of ending his book on this page. <br>
While, not much life, permits his age. <br>
Like a bird, who is caught in a cage <br>
Just the view of sky is no patronage, <br>
<p>Similarly, his freedom lures him <br>
And fills him with more fear and rage.<br>
The arguments begin, </p>
The learned men, blabber their knowledge <br>
<p>A man approaches with the holy book. <br>
"Keep your hand on it, and take the pledge" <br>
Commands his accomplice, in a hushed tone, <br>
"I pledge in the name of god; </p>
<p>Truth is all that I shall say." <br>
And this won't be the last lie he will tell this day.<br>
With that in process, the prosecutor pulls a knife <br>
Which has dried up blood all through it's surface, </p>
<p>And his kitchen knife is bound to have his fingerprints,<br>
The fingerprints, which makes the prosecution's case.<br>
His prints and his actions, <br>
Drag him into a shit hole; </p>
<p>And the prosecution "rests" <br>
While "the defence rests".<br>
And while his accomplice is trying all he can;<br>
His gaze wanders to the forensics' table, </p>
<p>To find the locket which belonged to her daughter, <br>
The locket got painted red in her slaughter. <br>
And, he closes his eyes <br>
And remembers about the day he gifted her this locket </p>
<p>How he sneakingly, slid it into her pocket, <br>
Can't forget the smile she had, <br>
Later that evening, he took her to bed.<br>
Yes, he used to molest his own daughter, </p>
<p>A sad truth, on which the world should weep,<br> 
But, even that brutal act doesn't provide the courage, <br>
To murder his own daughter, in her sleep.<br>
And he pictures his daughter lying next to him, </p>
<p>A sweet little lady, with a noble heart, <br>
The heart which is now carved out. <br>
And with that, the lullabies start <br>
"In the land of heavens, there resides a fairy; </p>
<p>As playful as a little dove. <br>
With a gentle heart, she is a sky full of stars, <br>
Waiting for her moon, waiting for her love."<br>
"If I may, I would like to call upon, <br>
<p>The deceased lady's brother" </p>
And steps upon the palisade, <br>
Her brother from another mother.<br>
He is a cruel, little bastard, </p>
<p>With a stout body, and a squinted eye. <br>
He walks out with no remorse of what happened, <br>
Although he may have seen his sister die. <br>
As the old man claims that he saw him. </p>
<p>He was seen walking out of the crime scene, <br>
"What's your name? Where were you?" <br>
And the rest of the questions follow the daily routine.<br>
The defence presses upon his presence at the scene, </p>
<p>In old man's favor, the freedom is getting named. <br>
People get restless. "Order, order!" <br>
They know that the young man is being falsely framed.<br>
But, nobody knows what really happened, </p>
<p>The prosecution and defence, fight like wild cats embrace.<br> 
"I was the one who killed her!" <br>
A man's confession turned over the turning case.<br>
A man, old and frail, </p>
<p>With tear on his cheeks and wobbly balance, <br>
Confesses that he killed his daughter, <br>
And therefore signs his last chapter.<br>
And that man, old and frail; </p>
<p>Confessed to a heinous crime, <br>
Wonder, wonder, what's more heinous, <br>
The crime itself, or the confession he made.<br>
With that, he closes his eyes, and the lullaby starts, </p>
<p>"In the land of heavens, there resides a fairy; <br>
As playful as a little dove. <br>
With a gentle heart, she is a sky full of stars, <br>
Waiting for her moon, waiting for her love."</p>
<p>© The Anonymous.</p>