---
layout: post
title:  "The Lonely Tyre"
date:   2016-07-01 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: featured thriller
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-01-tyre.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-01-tyre.jpg
author: santrupta
---
<h2>The Lonely Tyre </h2>
(<i>Fiction, 2 minute read</i>)
<p>A perforated Tyre lies in the middle of a vast expansive desert. The only companions it had were a family of raccoons living inside, whose presence ensured that he wouldn’t feel lonely. </p>

<p>At first, he was annoyed that there was something inside it. He didn’t want them there. They would play, eat, sleep die inside it. Every time they died, he would feel a bit sad, and then one day, after the last of them left him, he was devastated. </p>

<p>Now it’s almost covered by layers of sand, it’s existence threatening to be futile. Afraid, it tries to move a bit. Being lifeless does not help. It concludes that it needs help. Trying to shout, he attempts to self inflate, but then the holes in him stop the inflation. </p>

<p>It tries to remember the days when he was used in a car, a big blue classic. Everyone drooled when he would come. They’d touch him, marvel at it’s beauty and then go away. </p>

<p>But then he couldn’t trust his memory, it was failing miserably. 
He remembers being stuck in a store room ever since he was born, slowly nibbled on by mice, left unused until one day intruders stole him. </p>

<p>They too realised that he was useless upon seeing the gaps in his soul that the mice made. 
Leaving him by the road on a misty desert, surrounded by cactii, they left.</p>

<p>He realised that perhaps he had repressed these terrible memories because he thought life could not get worse than that. <br>
But it did.<br>
And now, he’s lonely and tired. He just wants to leave the world in peace. <br>
But he can’t. <br>
He isn’t alive in the first place.</p>
