---
layout: post
title:  "Deserted"
date:   2016-05-07 14:34:25
categories: Life
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-07-deserted.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-07-deserted.jpg
author: "Alisha Nair"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>Deserted</h2>
(<i>Life, 5 minute read</i>)
<p>*Into a trance*</p>
<p>A walk through the memory lane, it’s foggy, cold, I feel the dew drops on me. Nostalgia. Curves. Her perfect curves, the magnum opus of a potter, her collar bones resting on me, sweat dripping off her skin as she ran through the pavement with me, while the first light touched her innocent face.</p>
<p>And how a plumeria would bloom every morning touched by her sunny disposition. She was a manifestation of the flora of mankind. Her dark brown hair, with small tides at intervals that would crawl on me like a newborn creeper, seeking for something to hold on tight to. While the night breeze, brought her tang along, unexplainable and sublime.
She was a bibliophile with hazelnut nose that peeked through the spectacle frames and black almond eyes. A jovial celibate, drenched in rhapsodies. The beauty epidemic never could overrule her priorities. She adorned her intimates, the pores, the tan, the cellulite, the unevenness and the black rings that she fostered after a night’s meet with Murakami’s paperback she had longed for days.</p>
<p>Every-time I was with her, I sensed a flush and how buoyant, confident she felt to witness </p>
<p>Aphrodite on the other side of the reflector.</p>
<p>Beautiful is the most important or powerful thing a woman can be. The dent on her cheek, her dilemma to tie or let the hair fall loose, the frequent interrogations by her loquacious cognition, curious as an infant; was more than beautiful. With me, she would never prink, I was her ideal.</p>
<p>And last ‘equinox’, she met her knight, standing in the crowd, a character so standoffish to me yet so magnetic to her, like she was the cobalt painted in cool blue shades, a Chiaroscuro creation and he a lodestone, so mundane and sullen. And hitherto, I ponder over the question, “How a ninny-hammer would react with a hydrogen, felt so abundantly; an atom so placid in still water yet a juggernaut that can induce vulnerability in another Hiroshima?”</p>
<p>Her mind was giving rise to a riot that no posse could suffice, with every step of his, her heartbeat accelerated as I could sense her veins trying to compete the adrenaline rush.</p>
<p>Little she knew, like Ron Weasley, she too had let out a wrong spell of love. Yes! She missed a syllable…discretion. Thud! Something befell, the once contemporary love gradually faded into the cacophony of skepticism. The running water deposited the sandy soil.</p>
<p>Somatized, evolved an epicure by accident. Her starving heart took the trajectory of stress eating, though she always was fascinated over the idea of ‘trajectory paths’ adorning the neck of mechanics. She loved Physics. Her perfect curves lost.</p>
<p>*wakes up to the noises* *she sobs, voices of giants*</p>
<p>Loss, redemption- I can again hear her sob, the brain once rebellious, is now stoic. Every night I witness her radiating elegies of her dead fervors.</p>
<p>I would wipe her tears pre-equinox and again I smell the same salt arising from the giant, can see the smudged nude lip rouge and black kohl that runs under those rustic puckish eyes, on the giants’ bodies(Size-XXL). I feel small, cornered.</p>
<p>Is her crime venial? Yes. I wish I was not so dumb to convey her of the knight’s silence glance chanting-masquerades and not so limp to take her back to the toponym, whence I last saw her non-fictitious self.</p>
<p>Maybe I should go back to resting again until I hear her sing ’Oh why should I have spring fever’, again! Until her anile hope leads her to being an amoyan. And then I will feel the dew drops again, the curves again. Till then I will hibernate. For she will return to me. Elementally, I was her favorite run-of-the-mill, attire (Size-M).</p>
<p>-Alisha Nair</p>