---
layout: post
title:  "Baked"
date:   2016-04-22 14:34:25
categories: Weird
tags: thriller
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-22-baked.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-22-baked.jpg
author: santrupta
---
<h2>Baked</h2>
(<i>Weird, 2 minute read</i>)
<p>“Hallucinating in a shabby room, the lights go on and on from red to blue”<br>
“What ?” <br>
“Come on baby light my fire, fire, fire, fire!” exclaims the first man and stands suddenly on his toes.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong man?” <br>
“Too, doo, too, doo I’m fly-ing” shouts the former euphorically.<br>
The latter sits there, too shocked to comprehend what is happening. He realises this must be an “effect” of being high. He sits there, looking dumbfounded at his friend act like a loony. </p>
<p>The two of them sit in a room only lit with candles, two single beds joined together, and in the middle a radio, besides which burnt incense sticks are placed. 
“MUSIC!” his friend exclaims, turns on the radio and erratically tunes it.</p>
<p>“So, the next song of the week is, “Echoes” by Pink Floyd” says the presenter. He seems surprised of the apparent co-incidence but shrugs it off and hears his phone ring. </p>
<p>Thud thud thud, the rings sound like huge drums being played rhythmically. He feels dizzy and uneasy. He looks at his friend, who notices it, winks and nods his head in tune with the thumps of the drums. He picks up the phone. Loud wails can be heard from the other side. The wails stop, he can hear someone sobbing slowly on the other line. The sobs turn to a loud scream. </p>
<p>“The hell man, your girlfriend seriously needs to chill. Mama, this is heaven”, says his friend. He looks up to see that his friend isn’t there anymore. Mortified, he looks around. Standing up, he sees someone sobbing in one shady corner. The figure slowly approaches him, an icy white woman, dressed in drags, shabby hair, blue eyes.</p>
<p>She screams.</p> 
<p>Suddenly he’s down on the ground again. The hears creaking noises. Assuming the worst, he stops breathing momentarily. </p>
<p>The wood breaks. Falling slowly, almost melodramatically, he sees his building going far away from his eyes replaced by just black void. He shouts, wails and cries, but nothing comes out of his mouth. Dumbfounded he waits for something to happen.</p>
<p>He closes his eyes. Opening it he sees a recognizable face staring down at him, holding a golf club. Not being able to move his head, he slowly observes the man aiming at his head and swinging it violently.</p>
<p>He opens his eyes. He notices his phone screen on. Someone had sent him a long message, but the only thing he was able to read was, “ Rahul, advised, me, leave, you”. Sweat trickles down his forehead and falls on the screen.</p>
<p>He sees his friend sleeping soundly next to him</p>
<h6>-Santrupta</h6>