---
layout: post
title:  "In praise of Losers"
date:   2016-04-19 14:34:25
categories: Life
tags: life
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-19-losers.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-19-losers.jpg
author: "Anwesha Padhi"
author_image: /assets/images/guest.jpg
---
<h2>In praise of Losers</h2>
(<i>Life, 3 minute read</i>)
<p>The first question you tend to get asked when you’re at a party is, “So, what do you do?” and depending on how impressive your answer is, people are either really keen to know you better or swiftly leave behind you by the nuts. We live in a society that is full of snobs. People who consider a tiny facet of you, your professional identity, and pass a complete verdict on how valuable you are as a human being. The opposite of a snob is your mother. She doesn’t care about your status, she cares about your soul. However,sadly, most people aren’t our moms.</p>
<p>Today, “personal space” is a figurative concept, virtual and non-existent. I say so for I have forgotten the last time I found people ‘enjoying’ their lives, cherishing what’s joyous, and preserving what’s precious. Do you remember the last time you witnessed the sky flushing red at the time of sunrise, or listening to the morning birds chirping? Do you remember the last time you didn’t wake up to plan the hectic schedule that would be captivating you for the rest of the day? I don’t really expect an answer in affirmative.</p>
<p>That is because the imperceptible cacophony of a thousand struggling voices, screeching for the same spot in the race, and loud wails of endless misery has taken over the sound of a heart, beating for liberty and relaxation. The only basis of our survival today, rests upon a single term, Ambition.</p>
<p>We live in an egalitarian society,where it is understood that everyone has the opportunity to become successful . So, if you’re not successful, that must mean, something is wrong you,right? If you are someone who wishes to have a cottage on the mountain, away from the worldly chaos, you are bereaved of the least signs of sanity, for sanity to us is the madman’s race and the coherent sabotage of inner peace for the extravaganza.</p>
<p>We are told to pursue success. But all we do is persevere against a constant struggle for happiness of a bubble’s span. It is so hollow that it consumes all of you to fill up its emptiness at the cost of you. It is a surreal world that talks and aims at priceless peace, and runs like a lunatic in exactly the opposite direction.
Yes, ambition is a major part of life, but it is just a part. Can we stop confusing it for life, ever?</p>
<p>-Anwesha</p>