---
layout: post
title:  "Part-1"
date:   2016-04-29 14:34:25
categories: Thriller
tags: thriller
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-04-29-part-1.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-04-29-part-1.jpg
author: "Harsh Pandey"
author_image: /assets/images/harsh.jpg
---
<h2>Part 1</h2>
(<i>Thriller, 3 minute read</i>)
<p>“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck”, cursed the man furiously as he tried to rub the ketchup off his shirt. The man’s determination was only beaten by a mile, courtesy the red spatter’s will to endure. He glanced at his watch.</p>
<p>1:55.</p>
<p>The meeting was at 2:30. He was getting late.<br>
He groaned in exasperation, as the washroom door slammed shut behind him. Exiting the office building, he raced to his beaten down car. He got in and turned the key to ignition. The black sedan with a very mismatched spoiler pulled out of the parking and onto the road.</p>
<p>The trucker was sleepy. He had not been allowed to sleep. This shipment was important. His job was on the line. His boss had made it clear. <br>
How clear? “Crystal”.</p>
<p>As he passed into the city, he bought a pack of cigarettes. Lighting up one, he got back in and pressed his foot down on the accelerator. It was noon already.
The trucker threw out his fifth cigarette stub. His eyes were heavy. It was lunch time.</p>
<p>He could’ve been sleeping instead. A cool, inexpensive room. Some beer, good food.
The trucker regained consciousness when he heard the slam.</p>
<p>The man with the ketchup splattered shirt was too late in noticing the truck.</p>
<p>“You’re a very lucky man, sir”, the doctor told the man with the shirt splattered in red when he woke up.</p>
<p>His boss called him the next day. “Don’t worry. We’re glad you’re alright.” He had been put on a medical leave and his post would be occupied by a temp.
The nurse looked on as the patient put his feet down on the ground. The crutches were hi-tech. Light weight, sleek aluminium alloy. He took his first step in five months. He concluded that this is how amazed and happy he would have felt when he took his first steps.</p>
<p>A month later, the patient walked to his car. The black sedan had lost the mismatched spoiler. The car had been fixed, more or less. As he got in, he flinched a little. He glanced at his watch.</p>
<p>8:00.</p>
<p>Enough time to reach. He turned the keys. The car pulled out on to the road.<br>
Reaching the office building, he noticed that his old parking spot had been occupied.<br>
Fair enough.</p>
<p>He parked in the corner spot and got out of the car. His limp was not as pronounced as it had been a week ago. He felt good about this.<br>
He walked in through the door.<br>
Then he heard a deafening screech behind, on the other side of the road. “HELP!”</p>
