---
layout: post
title: A Night in the Train
date: 2016-07-17 20:30:00
category: Romance
tags: romance
image: /assets/article_images/a-night-in-the-train.jpg
image2: /assets/article_images/a-night-in-the-train.jpg
author: "Tanmay Pal"
author_image: /assets/images/tanmay-pal.jpg
---
<h3>A Night in the Train</h3>
(<i>Romance,3 minute read</i>)
<p>I woke up with a start. It was dark, but the person standing in front of me was someone who I&rsquo;d probably never forget.<br />
It had been a long time since we last talked, I thought. Yet, here she was, standing in front of me. I sat up and shifted on my berth, to make space for her. I&rsquo;d always loved train journeys, but the thought of sharing it with someone who meant so much to me brought a smile to my face. I had never expected this to happen on this college trip in my wildest dreams.<br />
I tried to hide it but she probably caught me in the act. She sat in front of me, looking to make a conversation. My gaze was fixed on her face. You wouldn&rsquo;t call it pretty, but yes, she was beautiful. With her round, deep-brown chocolate eyes and a triangular face, she looked mesmerizing.<br />
I said, &rdquo;After all that happened, here you are.&rdquo; I believed that the spark, the chemistry was lost between us, I was wrong. She stared right into my eyes and then looked outside the window. Searching for answers in the unknown. She asked, &rdquo;Do you still love me the same way you used to?&rdquo; I replied back with a nod.<br />
There was a time when I was the one asking all the questions. Why me? But I thought you loved me? Why did you play with my emotions? Such questions clouded my mind at all times. It was her turn to ask questions. Looking me straight in the eyes, she asked, &rdquo;What happened to us, Rahul? There was a time when we used to talk all day long.&rdquo; She continued, &rdquo;It was all so good. You enjoyed my company and I enjoyed yours. There wasn&rsquo;t a topic left which we hadn&rsquo;t talked about. We quenched each other&rsquo;s thirst of a good conversation. A genuine company. Someone who would care for all the stuff other people didn&rsquo;t care about. Someone who would care about me just as much as I cared about him.&rdquo; &ldquo;Why did you have to fuck up?&rdquo; She asked. Those words sank in like a blade to my heart. Only I knew how much I missed her. Those late-night conversations, those playful rebuttals. All I wanted her to know was that I still cared.<br />
It wasn&rsquo;t the first time I was hearing this question. My past had been an unfortunate eyewitness of all my screw-ups. I didn&rsquo;t know when to give in. When to close my mouth to save a relationship. It had cost me dearly. In my own self-righteous way, I always thought I was doing the right thing. What I missed was, I was probably just hurting the other person.<br />
While all of this was going on in my head, I spoke nothing. Because the truth is, I had no proper explanation for why I did what I did. That&rsquo;s what I always did. I fucked up. What remained was my love, I still adored her. Not one day, one moment passes by that I didn&rsquo;t hope or want for her to be by my side. But it didn&rsquo;t matter anymore. My face was a clear reflection of my thoughts, the wrinkles on my forehead were waves formed by the storm raging inside my head. What I wanted to say, I couldn&rsquo;t. What I wanted her to know, she could read on my face. She looked into my eyes and it felt as if she could stare deep down into my soul. All my fears, insecurities, lies and secrets, she now knew.<br />
I finally mustered up the courage to say something. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m sorry&rdquo;, is all I said. But a voice came from within and I continued, &rdquo;I am sorry for being such a jerk. Sorry for hurting you, demeaning you and not being there for you. I know I&rsquo;m a piece of work but that&rsquo;s just who I am. I never meant for this to happen. I&rsquo;m tempted to say a lot more. But you already know how I feel about you.&rdquo;<br />
She didn&rsquo;t say anything, just shifted a bit and sat beside me. I could see her face clearly now. I could feel her warmth. It was the best feeling in the world, to be near her. I felt protected. I kept my hand on hers, almost instinctively. She didn&rsquo;t oppose and I let it rest. I looked at her, trying to make out what was going on inside her head. But her face was expressionless, eyes staring in another direction. She was lost in deep thought. &ldquo;I love you&rdquo;, I said, almost in a whisper but loud enough for her to hear. She finally looked me in the eyes and said ,&rdquo;I love you too.&rdquo; I wanted to cry, to laugh, to scream and to be silent at the same time. But most of all, I just wanted to embrace this moment.<br />
&ldquo;Lie besides me&rdquo;, I said. She obliged. Moonlight was flowing in from the windows now, illuminating her face. It was just inches away from mine. Although none of us spoke anything, our eyes could hardly keep quiet. They were my weakness. Her round, brown eyes staring into mine. I could have hoped for that moment to last forever but my mind was busy thinking about her. After a long time, i felt at ease. She was my comfort zone. It was our zone now. I kept my hand on her waist and pulled her closer. My actions took her by surprise, but she seemed happy. A small smile now creeped up her previously expressionless face. &ldquo;I won&rsquo;t ever push you for a relationship&rdquo;, I said. &ldquo;But now, I want one&rdquo;, was her reply.<br />
I was still for a moment, weighing the words which had just come out of her mouth. I was instantly thinking about the consequences, letting the truth to sink in. I stared right into her eyes and then at her lips. Her perfectly shaped, full lips. She got the message. My lips went straight for hers. All the passion just came pouring out. The world came to a halt; that moment was my singularity. I could taste her on the tip of my tongue. All that she wanted to say, all that was left unsaid, all her insecurities, I could read.<br />
I put my arms around her waist and pulled her in my warm embrace. I could feel her heart beating just inches away from mine. We broke the kiss and stared hard into each other&rsquo;s eyes. Thinking about the ramifications of our actions. But it didn&rsquo;t matter anymore. My hands slowly brushed her cheeks and pulled her in for another kiss. Her hands went straight for my hair, it was even more passionate now, almost animalistic. Our tongues entwined as if they were dancing to a ballad. Our heartbeats now formed an almost harmonious rhythm. It was then that I realised that people search for salvation all their lives and that I had found mine.<br />
- Tanmay Pal</p>
