---
layout: post
title:  "Enslaved by Vermilion"
date:   2016-05-14 14:34:25
categories: Commentary
tags: 
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-05-14-enslaved.jpg
image: /assets/article_images/2016-05-14-enslaved.jpg
author: "Arushi Chopra"
author_image: /assets/images/arushi.jpg
---
<h2>ENSLAVED BY VERMILION</h2>
(<i>Social Commentary, 4 minute read</i>
<p>I shrug off my kurta, and slip into bed, sighing. It has been an exhausting day, and I yearn the warmth of the woman I have shared my bed with for nearly six years now. I pull the blanket over myself and turn towards her. She is lying on the other edge with her hands folded over her stomach, almost like she’s trying to feel the feeble heartbeat that no longer exists there. Her nostrils are flaring, and the silver nose ring I got her for her birthday infrequently glints in the dim light of the lamp. My hands move towards her as if of their own accord, and she shrinks away from me, like she’s trying to make herself smaller, or invisible. I stop, and smile. Cute. My fingers reach for her cotton shirt, and yank open the top button. She whispers, “not today”, and frees her shirt from my grasp. My fingers move to her delicate jaw, and gently, I turn her face towards me. I see something in her eyes that startles me. Resistance? But that can’t be right. She has never resisted my will since the day I dabbed vermilion onto her forehead. She didn’t resist me the day I decided to pierce her nose myself, at home. It had been a messy job, but necessary. The prospect of a nose ring excited me, and she had gotten used to it eventually. She didn’t even resist me when I stripped her womb of the life within it. But how could I simply accept a daughter, when I’ve craved a son for so long? Sure, it had taken the use of brute force to make her comply, but what is a marriage if not turbulent? Perhaps, she even understands now. So what could possibly possess her to resist me at this moment? I tilt my head, puzzled. But then the ferocity in her eyes vanishes so suddenly that i may as well have imagined it, and resignation replaces it. Ah, this I’m familiar with. This is acceptable,; homely even. So I pull myself closer to her, but she whimpers this time, and I scowl. I have been patient with her, but she’s acknowledging my consideration by acting like an injured animal. So I strike her, not with the intention to maim, but only to prompt the expected obedience. And it works, for she quiets down.</p>

<p>And I deftly open another button.</p>

<hr>
<p>I hunt for my key, unlock the door, and step inside my house, moving silently, like a thief in the night, obsessed with the idea of surprising my gorgeous wife. The last four days have consisted of unceasing work at the office, and there is nothing I desire more right now than her scent assaulting my senses. I told her as much this evening, and perhaps that is why I find the bedroom light on when I peek through the door. I tremble in anticipation as I move into the room and see her lying on the edge of the bed, rigid, with her hands folded over her tummy. I can feel a faint smile playing on my lips as I undress and climb into bed, immediately reaching for her warm flesh. But then my hand connects with her naked arm and it’s not warm. It’s cold. And then suddenly an overwhelming multitude of stimuli are bombarding my senses, a hundred, a thousand, a million. I see the blood trickling from her left wrist and the blade lying next to her on the pillow. I hear the deafening silence where the sound of her breathing should have been. I sniff again and again, trying to catch the remnants of her smell. I run my tongue over my lips, terrified at the thought of never being able to feel the velvety texture of her skin against them again.</p>

<p>And suddenly, I realize, that’s wrong. She can’t die. She is not allowed to leave me. Leaving, regardless of what form it is in, shall be an evidence of her resistance, and we established long ago that resistance is a foul shade on a woman. My pleasure should be her top priority, and my rage, her ultimate fear. She’s mine, a slave to my carnal desire, bound by the vermilion on her forehead, chained by the black and golden beads around her neck.</p>

<p>And so, I tear open her cotton shirt and mount her, sniffing her hair for traces of her unique smell, not bothered by the temperature of her body anymore.</p>

<p>-Arushi Chopra</p>
