---
layout: post
title:  "Feel"
date:   2016-07-04 20:30:00
categories: Fiction
tags: 
image: /assets/article_images/2016-07-04-touch.png
image2: /assets/article_images/2016-07-04-touch.png
author: "Gursifath Bhasin"
author_image: /assets/images/gursifath.jpg
---
<h2>Touch</h2>
( <i>Fiction, 3 minute read</i> )
<p>She rushed on the subway. He followed her. Not saying a word to each other. What could they even say? Apparently there was nothing left to talk about. "This couldn't be the end", both felt. Walking amidst the sunday flocks, he didn't lose sight of her even once. <br>
He couldn't then, he can't now. She had always been the apple of his eye. Loving her more than anything else had been his first profession. Even before taking care of his ancestral shop in the suburbs. What salary for this profession, you may ask? Well, her love was much more than any remuneration he could even think of earning! <br>
When she was sad, he would cry harder. When she was sick, the doctor treated him first. When she had a visit from little friend down south, he would stay by her side throughout. <br>
People were sure their happiness was a decoy. But to be candid, it was more real than reality could be!<br>
Defying all speculations of friends and foes, they had been together for ten lovely years. And hoped to continue till their last breath. Afterall, he hadn't even looked at another girl all these years. As for her, he was the best she could ever hope for. <br>
But as they say, change is the only constant. Life had been harsh on them. Both of them. Why else would they live to see dreadful days which were yet to come?<br>
Even before parting, both realized this. Dreadful days to come. Dreadful days to live through. </p>
<p>Just as she was about to exit the subway, she felt a tap on her shoulder. She skipped a beat. She was so elated at this gentle touch. This had indeed been his best touch till now! Never did she feel so overwhelmed. This touch gave her new hopes. Hopes which could save her from those days. Remember? Dreadful days. Hopes which could save the world from shattering into bits of useless pieces. <br>
She turned with glee. Her eyes looking straight. Straight into the crowd. He didn't follow her no more. Nowhere to be seen, as far as her eyes could scan. Maybe it was his way to say goodbye. With a heavy heart and limbs numb, she stood looking through the crowd, hoping he would follow her again, sometime!</p>
